question: What is the approach to spending?, answer: "pay-as-you-go" | question: What does the approach require?, answer: lawmakers to pay for new programs, dollar-for-dollar, with budget cuts elsewhere. | question: What does Obama say?, answer: "The 'pay as you go' rule is very simple. Congress can only spend a dollar if it saves a dollar elsewhere," | question: What does Obama say?, answer: "The 'pay as you go' rule is very simple. Congress can only spend a dollar if it saves a dollar elsewhere," | question: What does Obama say?, answer: "The 'pay as you go' rule is very simple. Congress can only spend a dollar if it saves a dollar elsewhere," | question: What does Obama say?, answer: "The 'pay as you go' rule is very simple. Congress can only spend a dollar if it saves a dollar elsewhere,"
question: What does the former vice president charge?, answer: that Obama's national security decisions have left the United States more vulnerable to attack. | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: the future of the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: issues of state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: issues of state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: issues of state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: issues of state secrets, transparency and protecting national security, | question: What is the address slated to discuss?, answer: issues of state secrets, transparency and protecting national security,
question: What did the White House press secretary say about Egypt?, answer: "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world," | question: What did the White House press secretary say about Egypt?, answer: "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world," | question: What did the White House press secretary say about Egypt?, answer: "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world," | question: What did the White House press secretary say about Egypt?, answer: "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world," | question: What did Obama say about Egypt?, answer: is "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world," | question: What did Obama say about Egypt?, answer: is "a country that in many ways represents the heart of the Arab world,"
question: How long will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: The | question: How much will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: The | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How much will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: The first year, then would decline to 30 percent in the second year and 25 percent in the third year. | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs last?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, then would decline to 30 percent in the second year and 25 percent in the third year. | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, | question: How long will the tariffs start?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, | question: How long will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, then decline to 30 percent in the second year and 25 percent in the third. | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs start at 35 percent in the first year?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, then decline to 30 percent in the second year and 25 percent in the third. | question: How long will the tariffs start?, answer: three years | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the first year, | question: How long will the tariffs start at?, answer: 35 percent in the
question: What did McCain say?, answer: "He has my sincere best wishes for his success, and my promise of assistance. For his success will be our success." | question: What did McCain say?, answer: "Campaign finance reform. Immigration. The Patients' Bill of Rights. All those times he has crossed the aisle and risked the ire of his party for the good of his country. And yet, what makes John such a rare and courageous public servant is not the accomplishments themselves, but the true motivation behind them." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments..." | question: What did Obama say about McCain?, answer: "I could stand here and recite the long list of John's bipartisan accomplishments
question: Who is Bill Richardson?, answer: New Mexico Gov. | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Democratic presidential candidate?, answer: Bill Richardson | question: Who is the Republican governor of New Mexico?, answer: Janet Napolitano, | question: Who is the Republican governor of New Mexico?, answer: Janet Napolitano,
question: What does the groups want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies. | question: What is not constitutionally required?, answer: "so help me God." | question: What does the groups want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies. | question: What does the group want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies. | question: What does the group want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies. | question: What does the group want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies. | question: What does the group want to block?, answer: any mention of God during the inaugural ceremonies.
question: what did obama say, answer: "Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency," | question: what did obama do, answer: signed executive orders | question: what did obama say, answer: "Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency," | question: what did obama say, answer: "Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency," | question: what did obama say, answer: "Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency," | question: what did obama say, answer: "Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency,"
question: Who did Sotomayor's critics summon?, answer: New Haven, Connecticut, firefighter Frank Ricci, | question: What did Sotomayor's most controversial speeches do?, answer: "bug the hell out of me," | question: What did Sotomayor's most controversial speeches do?, answer: "bug the hell out of me," | question: What did Sotomayor's most controversial speeches do?, answer: "bug the hell out of me," | question: Who was the lead plaintiff in one of Sotomayor's most controversial case?, answer: Frank Ricci,
question: What does Jimmy Carter say about race?, answer: "When a radical fringe element of demonstrators and others begin to attack the president of the United States as an animal or as a reincarnation of Adolf Hitler or when they wave signs in the air that said we should have buried Obama with Kennedy, those kinds of things are beyond the bounds," | question: What does comedian and actor Bill Cosby say?, answer: "An overwhelming portion of the intensely demonstrated animosity toward President Obama is based on the fact that he is a black man," | question: What does comedian Bill Cosby say?, answer: "An overwhelming portion of the intensely demonstrated animosity toward President Obama is based on the fact that he is a black man," | question: What does comedian Bill Cosby say?, answer: "An overwhelming portion of the intensely demonstrated animosity toward President Obama is based on the fact that he is a black man," | question: What does comedian Bill Cosby say?, answer: "An overwhelming portion of the intensely demonstrated animosity toward President Obama is based on the fact that he is a black man,"
question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: in remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: remote war zones, on lonely oceans and at overseas bases | question: Where will troops be deployed?, answer: remote war zones,
question: What was improperly breached?, answer: Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama | question: What was improperly breached?, answer: Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama | question: What was improperly breached?, answer: Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama | question: What was improperly breached?, answer: Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama | question: What was improperly breached?, answer: Records from a cell phone used by President-elect Obama | question: What did Verizon Wireless say?, answer: "a number of employees have, without authorization, accessed and viewed President-Elect Barack Obama's personal cell phone account,"
question: Who is Gillmor's co-sponsor?, answer: John Boehner, | question: Who is Gillmor's co-sponsor?, answer: Rep. Paul | question: What did Gillmor's aides not say?, answer: how | question: What did Gillmor's aides not say?, answer: how | question: What did Gillmor's aides not say?, answer: how | question: What did Gillmor's aides not say how?, answer: how | question: Who is the House Minority Leader?, answer: John Boehner,
question: Who is Tom Lantos?, answer: Democratic chairman of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer | question: What was Lantos diagnosed with?, answer: esophageal cancer
question: Who is the first woman in American history to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe | question: Who is the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe | question: Who is the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe | question: Who is the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe | question: Who is the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe | question: Who is the first woman to serve in both houses of Congress?, answer: Sen. Olympia Snowe
question: What did Sanchez say?, answer: American political leaders have cost American lives on the battlefield with their "lust for power." | question: What did Sanchez say?, answer: it had been his duty to obey orders and not object publicly while on active duty, but that he has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired. | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say?, answer: such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial, but the politicians have not been held accountable. | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: such dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial, | question: What did Sanchez say about the war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: "a nightmare with no end in sight." | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: "a nightmare with no end in sight." | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer: the Bush administration, the State Department and Congress all share blame. | question: What did Sanchez say about the Iraq war?, answer
question: When did the cuts go into effect?, answer: July 1, | question: Who said the cuts could lead to a "meltdown" of the government's health care system for the elderly?, answer: doctors' group | question: Who said the cuts could lead to a "meltdown" of the government's health care system for the elderly?, answer: doctors' group | question: Who said the cuts could lead to a "meltdown" of the government's health care system for the elderly?, answer: doctors' group | question: Who said the cuts could lead to a "meltdown" of Medicare?, answer: doctors' group | question: Who said the cuts could lead to a "meltdown" of Medicare?, answer: doctors' group
question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: pilot fatigue was a probable cause in a runway landing accident during bad weather in Michigan last winter. There were no fatalities. | question: What does the Federal Aviation Administration allow?, answer: 14-hour workdays, | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: pilot fatigue was a probable cause in a runway landing accident during bad weather in Michigan last winter. There were no fatalities. | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: pilot fatigue was a probable cause in a runway landing accident during bad weather in Michigan last winter.
question: What does the group say?, answer: adding an axle would improve safety margins so such loads can be carried. | question: What does the group say?, answer: adding an axle would improve safety margins so such loads can be carried. | question: What does the group say?, answer: "It is a public health crisis," | question: What does the group say?, answer: "It is a public health crisis," | question: What does the group say?, answer: "It is a public health crisis," | question: What does the group say?, answer: "The larger the trucks -- it's just so much more dangerous. And if they are allowed to make these trucks larger, it's going to be a real, real problem, even more dangerous." | question: What does the group say?, answer: adding an axle would improve safety margins so such loads can be carried. | question: What does the group say?, answer: "It is a public health crisis,"
question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array. | question: What does the video show?, answer: a trawler crew member using a hook to try to snag the Impeccable's towed acoustic array.
question: What did the kids do?, answer: danced and yelled in Washington's Verizon Center as Miley Cyrus, Demi Lovato, Bow Wow, the Jonas Brothers and others performed. | question: Obama called on the young people to what?, answer: play a part in their country's future now, | question: Obama called on the young people to what?, answer: play a part in their country's future now, | question: Obama called on the young people to what?, answer: play a part in their country's future now, in activities such as volunteering at shelters for the homeless, visiting elderly neighbors or writing letters of support to troops overseas. | question: Obama called on the young people to what?, answer: play a part in their country's future now,
question: Who is the owner of MoMo's?, answer: Cara McCool, | question: What did the winnings attract?, answer: a stork to his owners' house. | question: What did the winnings attract?, answer: a stork to his owners' house. | question: Who is the owner of MoMo?, answer: Stephen Colbert el dos | question: Who is the owner of MoMo?, answer: Cara McCool, | question: Who is the owner of MoMo?, answer: Bryan and his wife, Allyson, | question: Who is the owner of MoMo?, answer: Bryan and his wife, Allyson,
question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Condoleezza Rice | question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton, | question: What is the name of the new secretary of state?, answer: Condoleezza Rice | question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton, | question: What is the name of the new secretary of state?, answer: Condoleezza Rice | question: What is the name of the new secretary of state?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton, | question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton, | question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Condoleezza Rice | question: Who is the new secretary of state?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton,
question: What did Clinton officially forgive?, answer: $13.2 million she personally loaned her campaign. | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million | question: How much is Clinton's campaign debt?, answer: $6.4 million
question: What did the Army general say?, answer: "I can certainly say I've seen them do some tactics that I thought were over the top. But that's something we've got to keep working out," | question: What did the Army general say?, answer: "I can certainly say I've seen them do some tactics that I thought were over the top. But that's something we've got to keep working out," | question: What did Iraqi officials say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; Blackwater says its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on a convoy. | question: What did the Iraqi authorities say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; | question: What did the Iraqi authorities say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; Blackwater says its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on a convoy. | question: What did the Iraqi authorities say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; | question: What did the Iraqi authorities say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians; | question: What did the Iraqi authorities say?, answer: Blackwater guards fired indiscriminately, killing as many as 20 civilians;
question: what did obama say, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton has shown "flawed" judgment. | question: what did obama say, answer: "We know in the past that the president has used some of the flimsiest excuses to try to move his agenda regardless of what Congress says," | question: what did obama say, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton has shown "flawed" judgment. | question: what did obama say, answer: "We know in the past that the president has used some of the flimsiest excuses to try to move his agenda regardless of what Congress says,"
question: what did obama say about the world?, answer: the most important thing he could achieve as president would be to deal with Iraq and the threat of al Qaeda in Afghanistan while improving "our influence around the world." | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the world?, answer: "The world wants to see the United States lead. They've been disappointed and disillusioned over the last seven, eight years," | question: What did Obama say about the way the war in Iraq has been handled?, answer: the way the war in Iraq has been kept the United States from focusing on key issues like energy policy, global warming and the economy. | question: What did Obama say about the way the war in Iraq has
question: What did the ad say?, answer: "It's evidence, if you needed any, that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy," | question: What did the ad say?, answer: is muscle-flexing that has little precedent, | question: What did the ad say?, answer: "It's evidence, if you needed any, that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy," | question: What did the ad say?, answer: "I'm reminded every single day that I am not a perfect man," | question: What did the ad say?, answer: "It's evidence, if you needed any, that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy," | question: What did the ad say?, answer: "It's evidence, if you needed any, that the Obama campaign has more money than there is ad time left to buy,"
question: What did Clinton say?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Clinton say she wanted to do?, answer: be part of the "greatest adventure of our century," | question: What did Clinton say?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Clinton say she wanted to do?, answer: be part of the "greatest adventure of our century," | question: What did Obama say?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change" in the world. | question: What did Obama say about Clinton?, answer: she would work to restore America's position as "a force for positive change"
question: What did Hillary Clinton say Tuesday?, answer: she will let her supporters and party leaders decide her course. | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama | question: Who is the Democratic Party's presumptive nominee?, answer: Barack Obama
question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when she had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when she had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: What did the National Archives release?, answer: 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton's schedule as first lady. | question: What did the National Archives release?, answer: 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton's schedule as first lady. | question: What did the Archives release?, answer: 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton's schedule as first lady. | question: What did the Archives release?, answer: 11,000 pages of Hillary Clinton's schedule as first lady. | question: Who released 11,000 pages of Clinton's schedule as first lady?, answer: The National Archives | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: Who released 11,000 pages of Clinton's schedule as first lady?, answer: The National Archives | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton | question: Who was in the White House on multiple occasions when her husband had sexual encounters with Monica Lewinsky?, answer: Sen. Hillary Clinton
question: What did Clinton not answer?, answer: reporters' questions about Penn's exit during a campaign stop in New Mexico on Sunday. | question: Who is the CEO of Mark Penn's PR firm?, answer: Burson-Marsteller | question: Who is the CEO of Mark Penn's PR firm?, answer: Burson-Marsteller | question: What did Clinton not answer?, answer: reporters' questions about Penn's exit during a campaign stop in New Mexico on Sunday. | question: What did Mark Penn call the meeting?, answer: "an error in judgment that will not be repeated," | question: Who is the CEO of Mark Penn?, answer: Burson-Marsteller
question: What is the topic of the debate?, answer: domestic to foreign policy. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: PBS's Gwen Ifill. | question: Who is the Alaska governor?, answer: Sarah Palin | question: What is the debate about?, answer: domestic to foreign policy. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who is the Alaska governor?, answer: Sarah Palin | question: What is the debate about?, answer: domestic to foreign policy. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: PBS's Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: PBS's Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill. | question: Who will moderate the debate?, answer: Gwen Ifill.
question: What did McCain say?, answer: the public campaign financing system allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say?, answer: that Obama's move to drop out of the system "should be disturbing to all Americans" and that he may decide to opt out, too. | question: What did McCain say?, answer: the public campaign financing system allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say?, answer: that Obama's move to drop out of the system "should be disturbing to all Americans" and that he may decide to opt out, too. | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: allowed "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American people" and asked his supporters to "declare our independence from a broken system." | question: What did McCain say about the public campaign financing system?, answer: "special interests [to] drown out the voices of the American
question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: should not be used to score political points, | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its entry into the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its entry into the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the World Trade Organization should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed. | question: What did McCain say about Russia?, answer: its potential membership in the WTO should be reviewed.
question: When did he enter a guilty plea?, answer: after his arrest in a men's room at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport for allegedly propositioning a plainclothes police officer for sex. | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: "From the outset Senator Craig has maintained that he is innocent of any illegal conduct at the Minneapolis airport," | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: "From the outset Senator Craig has maintained that he is innocent of any illegal conduct at the Minneapolis airport," | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: Senator Craig has the constitutional right to make every effort to clear his name." | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: Senator Craig has the constitutional right to make every effort to clear his name." | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: Judge's decision refusing to let him withdraw a guilty plea to misdemeanor charges stemming from his arrest in June. | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: "From the outset Senator Craig has maintained that he is innocent of any illegal conduct at the Minneapolis airport,"
question: What did the minority leader call the proposal?, answer: a "gimmick." | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: a Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: a Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: a Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: a Democratic initiative | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: the windfall profits oil companies have enjoyed due to rising energy prices, | question: What did the Senate Republicans block?, answer: a Democratic initiative
question: What did John McCain say about peace corps?, answer: "We needed at that time [September 11, 2001] to take advantage of the unity in the United States of America." | question: What did McCain say about peace corps?, answer: "I would have called them to serve," | question: What did McCain say about peace corps?, answer: "I'd be glad to reward [volunteers] them as much as possible. | question: What did McCain say about peace corps?, answer: they and similar organizations don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about peace corpses?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about peace corpses?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't receive "sufficient recognition" from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from Washington. | question: What did McCain say about AmeriCorps?, answer: don't get enough recognition from
question: When was the cake saved?, answer: 1973. | question: When was the cake saved?, answer: 1973. | question: What did Moak say?, answer: "I would eat it any chance I could get, but not all of the meals came with pound cake," | question: When was the cake saved?, answer: 1973. | question: What did Moak say?, answer: "I would eat it any chance I could get, but not all of the meals came with pound cake," | question: What did Moak say?, answer: it was his favorite, and he could not get enough of it. | question: What did Moak say?, answer: "I won't eat it if it's black and moldy,"
question: What did Michelle Obama say about health care?, answer: "What she's doing is putting a personal and human face on the issue... there's nothing more crucial," said Washington Post columnist Sally Quinn. | question: Obama recalled when daughter Sasha exhibited signs of potentially deadly meningitis when she was 4 months old?, answer: when she was 4 months old. | question: Obama recalled when daughter Sasha exhibited signs of potentially deadly meningitis when she was 4 months old?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: Obama recalled when daughter Sasha exhibited signs of potentially deadly meningitis when she was 4 months old?, answer: Obama recalled when she was 4 months old.
question: What did Chelsea Clinton say?, answer: "I am a mom first and a candidate second, and I found the remark incredibly offensive," | question: What did Chelsea Clinton say?, answer: "I am a mom first and a candidate second, and I found the remark incredibly offensive," | question: What did Chelsea Clinton say?, answer: "I am a mom first and a candidate second, and I found the remark incredibly offensive," | question: What did Chelsea Clinton say?, answer: "I am a mom first and a candidate second, and I found the remark incredibly offensive,"
question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77-year-old | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old, | question: What is Kennedy's age?, answer: 77 years old,
question: Who shouted "You lie" after the president said that a Democratic-sponsored health care bill would not cover illegal immigrants?, answer: Rep. Joe Wilson | question: What did Norm Ornstein say?, answer: the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new. | question: Who shouted "You lie" after president said that a Democratic-sponsored health care bill would not cover illegal immigrants?, answer: Rep. Joe Wilson | question: What did Norm Ornstein say?, answer: the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new. | question: What did Norm Ornstein say about Congress?, answer: the tone and behavior from members of Congress are not necessarily new. | question: Who shouted "You lie" after president said that a Democratic-sponsored health care bill would not cover illegal immigrants?, answer: Rep. Joe Wilson,
question: What does the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What does the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards, | question: What did the EPA say?, answer: Six heat-trapping gases that contribute to air pollution pose potential health hazards,
question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many languages are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five | question: How many countries are the dancers from?, answer: five
question: What does the report say?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: it said thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane for Brazil's booming production and export of the biofuel ethanol. | question: What did the report say?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: it said thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane for Brazil's booming production and export of the biofuel ethanol. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane for Brazil's booming production and export of the biofuel ethanol. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced labor?, answer: increased allegations of forced labor made in connection with a variety of agricultural products and manufactured goods in developing countries. | question: What did the report say about forced laborers?, answer: thousands of trafficked and forced laborers had been found on plantations growing sugar cane
question: Who was "brainwashed" into aiding Muhammad in the murders?, answer: Lee Boyd Malvo | question: What did Lee Boyd Malvo do?, answer: said in a letter to CNN that he is still "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible." | question: What does he draw?, answer: self-portraits that often show him with a tear running down his cheek. | question: Who was "brainwashed" into aiding Muhammad?, answer: Malvo | question: Who is Lee Boyd Malvo?, answer: "grappling with shame, guilt, remorse and my own healing if that will ever be possible." | question: What does he draw?, answer: self-portraits that often show him with a tear running down his cheek.
question: What did the protester say?, answer: "We're here because we got pushed out of New York, but we're also here because this is the heart of where all politics happen," | question: What did a young man say?, answer: "I think (the movement's) most important stage right now is to inform the American people, before we can give any kind of particular answer or one message," | question: What did a young man say?, answer: "I think (the movement's) most important stage right now is to inform the American people, before we can give any kind of particular answer or one message," | question: Who said "Police know me"?, answer: "We're here because we got pushed out of New York, but we're also here because this is the heart of where all politics happen," | question: What did a young man say?, answer: "I think (the movement's) most important stage right now is to inform the American people, before we can give any kind of particular answer or one message," | question: What did a young man say?, answer: "I think (the movement's) most important stage right now is to inform the American people, before we can give any kind of particular answer or one message,"
question: What is the major resupply center for operations in Iraq?, answer: Incirlik Air Base, | question: What did the resolution label?, answer: Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide. | question: What is the major resupply center?, answer: Incirlik Air Base | question: What is the major resupply center?, answer: Incirlik Air Base | question: What is the major resupply center for operations in Iraq?, answer: The base, in southern Turkey near Syria, | question: What does the resolution label?, answer: Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide. | question: Where is the major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq?, answer: southern Turkey near Syria, | question: What is the major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq?, answer: Incirlik Air Base, | question: What does the resolution label?, answer: Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide. | question: What does the resolution label?, answer: Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I | question: Where is the major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq?, answer: Incirlik Air Base,
question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall security find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins' behavior | question: What did the mall find suspicious of?, answer: Robert Hawkins'
question: What will some of the security officials do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans as part of the effort to spot suspicious and possibly dangerous people in the crowd. | question: What will the TSA do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans as part of the effort to spot suspicious and possibly dangerous people in the crowd. | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will the TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans | question: What will TSA officers do?, answer: scrutinizing the body language and demeanor of fans
question: What did the watchdog group POGO say?, answer: their contractor has allowed widespread mistreatment, sexual activity and intimidation within their ranks, | question: What did the group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the group say?, answer: its findings are based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul. | question: What did the group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the group say?, answer: its findings are based on e-mails and interviews with more than a dozen guards who have worked at the U.S. compound in Kabul. | question: What did the group say?, answer: their contractor has allowed widespread mistreatment, sexual activity and intimidation within their ranks, | question: What did the group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying."
question: What did Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo," | question: What does Matt Jessup say?, answer: "There's nothing more memorable than a tattoo,"
question: What did Sotomayor say?, answer: a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say?, answer: a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor answer?, answer: she needed to know the specifics of a particular case, such as applicable state statutes and other facts. | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: a poorly expressed but valid point about the value of differing perspectives in applying the law. | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say about the value of differing perspectives?, answer: the value of differing perspectives in applying the law. | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: that a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say about the value of differing perspectives in applying the law?, answer: she needed to know the specifics of a particular case, such as applicable state statutes and other facts. | question: What did Sotomayor say about the statement?, answer: that a "wise Latina" could reach a better decision than a white man, | question: What did Sotomayor say about the value of differing perspectives in applying the law?, answer: she needed to know the specifics of a particular case,
question: What did the FAA find Southwest operated?, answer: jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections. | question: What did the FAA find Southwest operated?, answer: jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections. | question: What did the FAA find Southwest operated?, answer: jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections. | question: What did the FAA find Southwest operated?, answer: jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections. | question: What did the FAA find Southwest operated?, answer: jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections. | question: What did the FAA find?, answer: Southwest operated 46 of its Boeing 737 jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections.
question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79 | question: What percentage of Americans support Obama's plan?, answer: 79
question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves | question: Who is stationed near Dover Air Force Base in Delaware?, answer: Staff. Sgt. Cody Reeves
question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division, | question: What did the military cite?, answer: various problems in Druzin's reporting on previous embed assignments with units of the division,
question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: foreign service officers' objections | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq. | question: What did Rice respond to?, answer: the possibility of "directed assignments" in Iraq.
question: How many prisoners are alleged to be top al Qaeda figures?, answer: Fourteen | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention in federal court, | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention in federal court, | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention in federal court, | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention in federal court, | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention in federal court, | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: Suspected terrorists and foreign fighters held by the U.S. military at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, have the right to challenge their detention
question: What does Suzanne Richard have?, answer: osteogenesis imperfecta, a bone-crippling disorder that can mean a lifetime of health problems and physical disability. | question: What is the height of Suzanne Richard?, answer: just under 4 feet, | question: What is considered rare?, answer: Brittle Bones Disease, | question: What is considered rare?, answer: Brittle Bones Disease, | question: What does Richard have?, answer: osteogenesis imperfecta, a bone-crippling disorder that can mean a lifetime of health problems and physical disability. | question: What is considered rare?, answer: The condition, also known as Brittle Bones Disease, | question: What is considered rare?, answer: The condition, also known as Brittle Bones Disease, is a genetic disorder "characterized by fragile bones that break easily,"
question: what did clinton say, answer: Republicans won't see a 1994-like surge at the polls in 2010. | question: what did clinton say, answer: "vast right-wing conspiracy" that attacked him during his presidency has been weakened, but continues to operate against President Obama, | question: what did clinton say, answer: Republicans won't see a 1994-like surge at the polls in 2010. | question: what did clinton say, answer: "Oh, you bet. Sure it is. It's not as strong as it was, because America's changed demographic, but it's as virulent as it was," | question: what did clinton say, answer: "I mean, they may be hurting President Obama. They can take his numbers down, they can run his opposition up. But fundamentally, he and his team have a positive agenda for America." | question: what did clinton say, answer: "I mean, they may be hurting President Obama. They can take his numbers down, they can run his opposition up. But fundamentally, he and his team have a positive agenda for America." | question: what did clinton say, answer: "I mean, they may be hurting President Obama. They can take his numbers down, they can run his opposition up. But fundamentally, he and his team have a positive agenda for America." | question: what did clinton say, answer: "I mean, they may be hurting President Obama. They can take his numbers down, they can run his opposition up. But fundamentally, he and his team have a positive agenda for America."
question: What are the most common questions?, answer: "Firearms, ammunition, explosives, weapons of any kind, aerosols, supports for signs and placards, packages, coolers, thermal or glass containers, backpacks, bags exceeding size restrictions, laser pointers, animals other than helper/guide dogs, structures, bicycles and any other items determined to be a potential safety hazard." | question: What are the most common questions?, answer: "Firearms, ammunition, explosives, weapons of any kind, aerosols, supports for signs and placards, packages, coolers, thermal or glass containers, backpacks, bags exceeding size restrictions, laser pointers, animals other than helper/guide dogs, structures, bicycles and any other items determined to be a potential safety hazard."
question: What will be inspected?, answer: critical parts on the airframe | question: What will be inspected?, answer: hydraulic system lines, | question: What will be inspected?, answer: critical parts on the airframe | question: What will be inspected?, answer: hydraulic system lines, | question: What will be inspected?, answer: critical parts on the airframe | question: What will be inspected?, answer: hydraulic system lines, | question: What will be inspected?, answer: critical parts on the airframe | question: What will be inspected?, answer: hydraulic system lines, | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay | question: What will be inspected?, answer: The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay will also be examined,
question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What does the Geneva Conventions do?, answer: allow the International Committee of the Red Cross to visit prisoners during armed conflicts. | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners to avoid bad press, | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What does the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What did the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What did the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners | question: What did the Pentagon try to do?, answer: find loopholes in the Geneva Conventions for its "ghost detainee" program in Iraq and to delay the release of Guantanamo Bay prisoners to avoid bad press,
question: Who denied U.S. raids were being launched from Iraq?, answer: Ryan Crocker, | question: What does the journalist say?, answer: Congress has authorized up to $400 million to fund the secret campaign, which involves U.S. special operations troops and Iranian dissidents. | question: What does the journalist say?, answer: The Bush administration has launched a "significant escalation" of covert operations in Iran, sending U.S. commandos to spy on the country's nuclear facilities and undermine the Islamic republic's government, | question: Who says Congress has authorized up to $400 million to fund the campaign?, answer: President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney | question: What does the journalist say about Iran?, answer: has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb and "do not want to leave Iran in place with a nuclear program," Hersh | question: What does the journalist say about Iran?, answer: has halted a clandestine effort to build a nuclear bomb and "do not want to leave Iran in place with a nuclear program,"
question: What did the source say?, answer: The Central Intelligence Agency hired the private security firm Blackwater USA in 2004 to work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders, | question: What was Blackwater hired to do?, answer: work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders, | question: What was Blackwater hired to do?, answer: work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders, | question: Who hired Blackwater USA?, answer: The Central Intelligence Agency | question: What was Blackwater hired to do?, answer: work on a covert program aimed at targeting and potentially killing top al Qaeda leaders,
question: What did the Chinese government increase?, answer: harassment of religious minorities | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan | question: What countries are on the "blacklist"?, answer: China, Myanmar, North Korea, Iran, Sudan, Eritrea, Saudi Arabia and Uzbekistan
question: How much was spent in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: between $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer: $97 billion and $139 billion, | question: How much did China spend in 2007?, answer:
question: Who is the only Holocaust survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos, | question: Who is the Dalai Lama?, answer: the only Holocaust survivor in Congress, died of cancer in February 2008. | question: Who is the Dalai Lama?, answer: The | question: Who is the only Holocaust survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos, | question: Who is the only survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos, | question: Who is the only survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos, | question: Who is the only survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos, | question: Who is the only survivor in Congress?, answer: Lantos,
question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: What is Andrew Moonen accused of?, answer: fatally shooting an Iraqi vice presidential guard | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: Who is accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard?, answer: Andrew Moonen | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: What is Andrew Moonen accused of?, answer: fatally shooting an Iraqi vice presidential guard | question: Who is the former Blackwater USA employee accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard?, answer: Andrew Moonen | question: Who is Andrew Moonen?, answer: former Blackwater USA employee | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen
question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: What is Andrew Moonen accused of?, answer: fatally shooting an Iraqi vice presidential guard | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: Who is accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard?, answer: Andrew Moonen | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen. | question: What is Andrew Moonen accused of?, answer: fatally shooting an Iraqi vice presidential guard | question: Who is the former Blackwater USA employee accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard?, answer: Andrew Moonen | question: Who is Andrew Moonen?, answer: former Blackwater USA employee | question: What is the name of the contractor?, answer: Andrew Moonen
question: What does the Sierra Club say?, answer: the move "threatens the livelihoods and ecology of the entire U.S.-Mexico border region." | question: Who says the move "threatens the livelihoods and ecology of the entire U.S.-Mexico border region"?, answer: the | question: Who says the move "threatens the livelihoods and ecology of the entire U.S.-Mexico border region"?, answer: The | question: What does the Sierra Club say?, answer: the move "threatens the livelihoods and ecology of the entire U.S.-Mexico border region." | question: What does the Sierra Club say?, answer: the waivers will affect a range of federally protected lands, including national parks, monuments, wildlife refuges, forests and wilderness areas. | question: Who says the waivers are unconstitutional?, answer: The Sierra Club,
question: What did Italian news agency say?, answer: al Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri began planning Bhutto's killing in October. | question: What does the DHS official say?, answer: the claim was "an unconfirmed open source claim of responsibility" | question: What does the DHS official say?, answer: the claim was "an unconfirmed open source claim of responsibility" | question: What did the DHS official say?, answer: the claim was "an unconfirmed open source claim of responsibility" | question: What did the FBI say?, answer: issued a bulletin citing an alleged claim of responsibility by al Qaeda for former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto's assassination, | question: What did the Italian news agency say?, answer: al Qaeda No. 2 Ayman al-Zawahiri began planning Bhutto's killing in October.
question: What did the court documents say?, answer: the pornography was found on a desktop computer during a search of an Annapolis, Maryland, apartment where 88-year old James von Brunn had been living for the past two years. | question: What did the court documents say?, answer: the pornography was found on a desktop computer during a search of an Annapolis, Maryland, apartment where 88-year old James von Brunn had been living for the past two years. | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question: What was found on a desktop computer?, answer: child pornography | question:
question: How many flights did US Airways operate?, answer: 1,647 | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: How much is the fine for US Airways?, answer: $5.4 million | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: two | question: How many flights did US Airways fly?, answer: 1,647 | question: What is the fine for?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking from US Airways and United Airlines?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking from US Airways and United Airlines?, answer: $3.8 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million fine from US Airways and a $3.8 million fine from United Airlines for unrelated violations. | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million fine from US Airways and a $3.8 million fine from United | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What is the amount the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What are the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million fine from US Airways and a $3.8 million fine from United Airlines | question: What are the FAA seeking?, answer: $3.8 million | question: What are the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million | question: What are the FAA seeking?, answer: $5.4 million fine | question: What are the
question: What type of lesions does the vaccine prevent?, answer: pre-cancerous lesions caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18. | question: What type of lesions does the vaccine prevent?, answer: pre-cancerous lesions caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18. | question: What type of lesions does the vaccine prevent?, answer: pre-cancerous lesions caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18. | question: What type of vaccine is Cervarix manufactured by?, answer: GlaxoSmithKline, | question: What type of lesions does the vaccine prevent?, answer: cervical cancer and pre-cancerous lesions caused by human papillomavirus (HPV) types 16 and 18.
question: When will the vaccine be available?, answer: mid-October, | question: What could cause 90,000 U.S. deaths?, answer: The H1N1 flu virus | question: When will the vaccine be available?, answer: mid-October, | question: What is the H1N1 flu virus?, answer: could cause up to 90,000 U.S. deaths, mainly among children and young adults, | question: What could the H1N1 virus cause?, answer: up to 90,000 U.S. deaths, | question: What could cause 90,000 deaths?, answer: The H1N1 flu virus, commonly known as swine flu virus, | question: When is the vaccine expected to be available?, answer: mid-October, | question: When is the vaccine expected to be available?, answer: mid-October, | question: When is the H1N1 vaccine expected to be available?, answer: mid-October,
question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: new oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: oil drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore. | question: What does the House bill allow?, answer: drilling only between 50 and 100 miles offshore.
question: How much did the House budget track?, answer: largely tracks Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. | question: How much did the House budget track?, answer: $3.55 trillion | question: How much did the House budget track?, answer: largely tracks Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for nondefense discretionary spending. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for nondefense discretionary spending. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for nondefense discretionary spending. | question: What did the House budget track?, answer: Obama's initial proposed spending plan, with the exception of a decision to drop his $250 billion request for potential future bailouts of struggling financial institutions. | question: Who voted in favor of Obama's stimulus bill?, answer: Moderate GOP Sens. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania and Olympia Snowe and Susan Collins of Maine,
question: What did the House vote on?, answer: bonuses paid to Wall Street executives with taxpayer money. | question: What is the House considering?, answer: a bill to tax retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money. | question: What is the House considering?, answer: a bill to tax retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money. | question: What is the House considering?, answer: a bill to tax retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money. | question: What is the Senate considering?, answer: tax retention bonuses paid to executives of companies that received federal bailout money. | question: What did President Obama say about bonuses?, answer: "Today's vote rightly reflects the outrage that so many feel over the lavish bonuses that AIG provided its employees at the expense of the taxpayers who have kept this failed company afloat," | question: What did President Obama say about bonuses?, answer: "Today's vote rightly reflects the outrage that so many feel over the lavish bonuses that AIG provided its employees at the expense of the taxpayers who have kept this failed company afloat,"
question: What is the Treasury Department empowered to ban?, answer: future "unreasonable and excessive" compensation at companies receiving federal bailout money. | question: What is the Treasury Secretary empowered to ban?, answer: bonuses not based on performance standards. | question: What is the Treasury Secretary empowered to ban?, answer: "unreasonable and excessive" compensation at companies receiving federal bailout money. | question: What is the Pay for Performance Act?, answer: 2009, | question: What is the Treasury Secretary empowered to ban?, answer: future "unreasonable and excessive" compensation at companies receiving federal bailout money. | question: What is the Pay for Performance Act?, answer: 2009, | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner | question: What is the name of the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Timothy Geithner
question: What percent of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: 56 | question: What percent of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: that the war has "broken" the military. | question: What percent of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: 56 | question: What percent of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: that the war has "broken" the military. | question: What percentage of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: 56 | question: What percentage of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: 56 percent | question: What did the officers disagree with?, answer: that the war has "broken" the military. | question: What percentage of officers disagree with the claim?, answer: Eighty percent | question: What did the officers disagree with?, answer: that the war has "broken" the military. | question: What did the officers disagree with?, answer: that the war has "broken" the military.
question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation | question: What did the Justice Department announce?, answer: 300 additional arrests in a four-year operation
question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs, | question: What did the NTSB say about medical helicopters?, answer: "provide an important service to the public" in swiftly transporting ill and injured patients and donor organs,
question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a Boeing 757 while it was in flight last week. | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a Boeing 757 while it was in flight last week. | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a Boeing 757 while it was in flight last week. | question: What broke loose?, answer: The panel, on the trailing edge of the upper side of the left wing, | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: it is investigating an incident in which a panel separated from the wing of a Boeing 757 while it was in flight last week.
question: What did the Navy do?, answer: is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama in April, | question: What did the Navy do?, answer: is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama in April, | question: What did the Navy do?, answer: is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama in April, | question: What did the Navy do?, answer: is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama | question: What did the Navy do?, answer: is investigating how thousands of dollars went missing in the rescue of the captain of the Maersk Alabama
question: What did the administration decide?, answer: to rescind invitations to Iranian diplomats for July Fourth celebrations overseas | question: What did Obama say?, answer: "July Fourth allows us to celebrate the freedom and the liberty we enjoy: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to assemble peacefully, freedom of the press," | question: What did Obama say?, answer: "Unfortunately the circumstances have changed and participation by Iranian diplomats would not be appropriate in light of the Iranian government's continued violent and unjust actions against its own people," | question: What did Obama say about Iran?, answer: "July Fourth allows us to celebrate the freedom and the liberty we enjoy: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to assemble peacefully, freedom of the press," | question: What did Clinton say about invitations?, answer: "Unfortunately the circumstances have changed and participation by Iranian diplomats would not be appropriate in light of the Iranian government's continued violent and unjust actions against its own people," | question: What did Clinton say about invitations?, answer: "Unfortunately the circumstances have changed and participation by Iranian diplomats would not be appropriate in light of the Iranian government's continued violent and unjust actions against its own people," | question: What did Clinton say?, answer: "Unfortunately the circumstances have changed and participation by Iranian diplomats would not be appropriate in light of the Iranian government's continued violent and unjust actions against its own people,"
question: Who met with veterans' groups?, answer: White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel | question: What does the plan aim to do?, answer: charge private insurers for treatment of veterans' service-connected ailments. | question: Who met with veterans' groups?, answer: White House Chief of Staff Rahm Emanuel | question: What does the plan aim to do?, answer: charge private insurers for treatment of veterans' service-connected ailments. | question: What did the White House say?, answer: although the president believes the plan would raise more money for veterans' care, the administration is dropping the idea after hearing the objections of veterans groups. | question: What does the plan aim to do?, answer: raise more money for veterans' care,
question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner, | question: Who is on his way out?, answer: General Motors' Rick Wagoner,
question: What does the Housing Secretary say?, answer: The plan is aimed at "folks who are playing by the rules," | question: What does the $75 billion proposal unfairly help?, answer: some people at the expense of others. | question: Who is Shaun Donovan?, answer: Housing Secretary | question: What does the $75 billion proposal aim to do?, answer: help up to 9 million people keep their homes in a housing market ravaged by foreclosures. | question: What does the Housing Secretary say?, answer: The plan is aimed at "responsible" borrowers, not deadbeats or speculators, | question: Who is the Housing Secretary?, answer: Shaun Donovan | question: What does the $75 billion proposal aim to help?, answer: up to 9 million people keep their homes in a housing market ravaged by foreclosures. | question: Who is the Housing Secretary?, answer: Shaun Donovan | question: What does the $75 billion proposal aim to do?, answer: help struggling homeowners
question: Where are they held?, answer: at the U.S. prison camp at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, | question: What are details of the transfer being worked out?, answer: still being worked out, | question: What is the name of the island nation?, answer: Palau | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17 | question: What is the number of Chinese Muslims held at Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 17
question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What did India reject?, answer: a major purchase of U.S. F-16 and F-18 fighters, | question: What is the value of the equipment?, answer: $6 billion | question: What is the value of the equipment?, answer: $6 billion
question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: What will be available on the Internet?, answer: Nixon White House tapes and documents | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: What will be available on the Internet?, answer: Nixon White House tapes and documents | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: What will be available on the Internet and in the Richard Nixon libraries?, answer: Nixon White House tapes and documents | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974, | question: When did Nixon resign?, answer: August 9, 1974,
question: What did the affidavit show?, answer: Guandique boasted of his ties to the violent Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13, and told witnesses that he was known as "Chuckie" -- the name of a demonic doll in a series of horror movies -- because he had a reputation for "killing and chopping up people," | question: What did the affidavit show?, answer: Guandique boasted of his ties to the violent Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13, and told witnesses that he was known as "Chuckie" -- the name of a demonic doll in a series of horror movies -- because he had a reputation for "killing and chopping up people," | question: What did the affidavit show?, answer: Levy fought for her life, scratching her attacker on his face and giving him a "fat lip." | question: Who did Guandique boast of?, answer: his ties to the violent Salvadoran gang Mara Salvatrucha, or MS-13, and told witnesses that he was known as "Chuckie" -- the name of a demonic doll in a series of horror movies -- because he had a reputation for "killing and chopping up people,"
question: What does the bill update?, answer: 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: puts new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: puts new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: allows the warrantless and dragnet surveillance of Americans' international telephone and e-mail communications. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: provides protection for telephone companies from being sued for cooperating with a government surveillance program launched in the wake of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: puts new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: puts new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: provides protection for telephone companies from being sued for cooperating with a government surveillance program launched in the wake of the 2001 attacks on New York and Washington. | question: What does the bill do?, answer: puts new rules in place for intelligence agency eavesdropping on suspected terrorists.
question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India | question: What did the Senate approve?, answer: a controversial nuclear deal with India
question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence | question: What did the Senate confirm?, answer: retired Adm. Dennis Blair as director of national intelligence
question: What did the Senate vote on Thursday?, answer: extend the "Cash for Clunkers" program with an infusion of $2 billion. | question: What is President Obama expected to sign?, answer: the bill into law | question: What did the Senate vote on Thursday?, answer: extend the "Cash for Clunkers" program with an infusion of $2 billion. | question: What is President Obama expected to sign?, answer: the bill into law to prevent any interruption to the popular incentive. | question: What is the "Cash for Clunkers" program?, answer: "Cash for Clunkers" program
question: How many amendments do Republicans want to offer?, answer: up to 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to offer?, answer: up to 28 | question: How many amendments do Democrats want?, answer: two | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Democrats want?, answer: two | question: How many amendments do Republicans want?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Democrats want?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Democrats want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: two | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Democrats want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: two | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do the Republicans want to offer?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer: 28 | question: How many amendments do Republicans want to limit the number of amendments?, answer
question: What is illegal?, answer: using fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "aggravated identity theft." | question: What is illegal?, answer: using fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "aggravated identity theft." | question: What is illegal?, answer: using fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether people who use fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "aggravated identity theft." | question: What is illegal?, answer: Stealing personal identification such as Social Security numbers | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether people who use fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "aggravated identity theft." | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether people who use fake IDs to obtain work in the United States but did not know the documents belonged to someone else can be convicted of "aggravated identity theft."
question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: prosecutors had to prove that an illegal gambling ring had laundered profits of its betting, rather than just proceeds. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: prosecutors had to prove that an illegal gambling ring had laundered profits of its betting, rather than just proceeds. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering. | question: What did the Supreme Court rule?, answer: merely hiding money headed out of the United States is not proof of money laundering.
question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the key issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization, as designated by the U.S. government. | question: What is the key issue?, answer: whether the congressional law allows prosecution of those with knowledge of "any service, training, expert advice or assistance" to a foreign terrorist organization,
question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What does the law prevent?, answer: private businesses from creating and distributing "harmful" content that minors could access on the Internet. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the justices say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it represented government censorship rather than lawful regulation of adult-themed pornography businesses. | question: What did the Supreme Court say about the law?, answer: it
question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What does the Supreme Court block?, answer: the imminent release of dozens of sex offenders | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinitely detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinite detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinite detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon release. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the government has the power to indefinite detain prisoners who have served their sentences but could pose a public threat upon
question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear. | question: What did the father say?, answer: then-kindergartner daughter was forced by an older male student to lift her skirt or pull down her underwear.
question: What did the Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Stephen Breyer support?, answer: the decision. | question: What does the Supreme Court order?, answer: to "receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner's innocence." | question: What did the Justice John Paul Stevens order?, answer: to "receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner's innocence." | question: What does the Justice John Paul Stevens order?, answer: to "receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner's innocence." | question: What did the Justice John Paul Stevens order?, answer: to "receive testimony and make findings of fact as to whether evidence that could not have been obtained at trial clearly establishes petitioner's innocence."
question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the president had the power to issue executive waivers allowing such tests and whether federal judges can issue preliminary injunctions blocking them. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the navy's need to conduct exercises to protect the country from enemy submarines outweighed concerns raised by environmental groups. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the president had the power to issue executive waivers allowing such tests and whether federal judges can issue preliminary injunctions blocking them. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the navy's need to conduct exercises to protect the country from enemy submarines outweighed concerns raised by environmental groups. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the navy's need to conduct exercises to protect the country from enemy submarines outweighed concerns | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the president had the power to issue executive waivers allowing such tests and whether federal judges can issue preliminary injunctions blocking them. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the navy's need to conduct exercises to protect the country from enemy submarines outweighed concerns raised by environmental groups. | question: What was the issue?, answer: whether the president had the power to issue executive waivers allowing such tests and whether federal judges can issue preliminary injunctions blocking them.
question: What did the court hear?, answer: an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: an hour of lively debate about the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: What did the court hear?, answer: the scope and intent of the decade-old statute that supporters say has done much to stop the spread of profiting from the torture and abuse of animals. | question: Who said the law is overly broad?, answer: media groups and the National Rifle Association
question: What was Joe Sullivan convicted of?, answer: burglary and rape | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan, | question: Who was sentenced to life without parole?, answer: Joe Sullivan,
question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: supporters in neighboring Pakistan and from narcotics trafficking and kidnappings. | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: supporters in neighboring Pakistan and from narcotics trafficking and kidnappings. | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: supporters in neighboring Pakistan and from narcotics trafficking and kidnappings. | question: Who is funding their terror activities?, answer: The Taliban
question: What did Vitter reportedly do?, answer: went into a "tirade" with a Washington Dulles International Airport worker. | question: What did the paper say?, answer: an airline worker warned him not to enter the walkway, | question: What is the name of the senator?, answer: David Vitter | question: What is the name of the senator?, answer: David Vitter | question: What is the name of the senator?, answer: David Vitter | question: What did the paper say about Vitter?, answer: The paper said an airline worker warned him not to enter the walkway, | question: What did the paper say about Vitter?, answer: The door to the boarding bridge was already closed, but Vitter opened it anyway, which led to a "tirade" by Vitter who "remained defiant." | question: What did the paper say about Vitter?, answer: The paper said an airline worker warned him not to enter the walkway, which led to a "tirade" by Vitter who "remained defiant." | question: What did the paper say about Vitter?, answer: The door to the boarding bridge was already closed, but Vitter opened it anyway, which led to a "tirade" by Vitter who "remained defiant."
question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan | question: Where will the planes be grounded?, answer: Iraq and Afghanistan
question: What does the FDA say?, answer: "The FDA is concerned about the safety of these products and how they are marketed to the public," | question: What does the FDA say about e-cigarettes?, answer: the devices turn nicotine, which is highly addictive, and other chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user. | question: What does the FDA say about e-cigarettes?, answer: they turn nicotine, which is highly addictive, and other chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: contain carcinogens and other toxic chemicals dangerous to humans. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: the devices turn nicotine, which is highly addictive, and other chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: they contain carcinogens and other toxic chemicals dangerous to humans. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: the devices turn nicotine, which is highly addictive, and other chemicals into a vapor that is inhaled by the user. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: contain carcinogens and other toxic chemicals dangerous to humans. | question: What does the FDA say about electronic cigarettes?, answer: "The FDA is concerned about the safety of these products and how they are marketed to the public,"
question: What did Rep. Ron Paul vote against?, answer: the measure | question: What does the resolution say?, answer: it supports "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What does the resolution say it supports?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What did Paul say?, answer: he is "always very cautious about 'condemning' the actions of governments overseas." | question: What does the resolution say it supports?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What did Paul say?, answer: he is "always very cautious about 'condemning' the actions of governments overseas." | question: What does the resolution say it supports?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What does the resolution also "condemn"?, answer: the ongoing violence against demonstrators," | question: What does the resolution say it supports?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What did Paul say about the measure?, answer: he is "always very cautious about 'condemning' the actions of governments overseas." | question: What did Paul say about the measure?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What does the resolution say it supports?, answer: "all Iranians who embrace the values of freedom, human rights, civil liberties and the rule of law." | question: What did Paul say about the measure?, answer: he is "always very cautious about 'condemning' the actions of governments overseas."
question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province, | question: Where could Marines be pulled from?, answer: Iraq's Anbar province,
question: What does the Pentagon official say?, answer: "We are sending a clear message for the need for stability," | question: What does the Pentagon official say?, answer: the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringSyria that "the U.S. is concerned about the situation in Lebanon, and we want to see the situation resolved." | question: What does the Pentagon official say?, answer: "We are sending a clear message for the need for stability," | question: What does the Navy say?, answer: "It's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our Navy do, the presence is important,"
question: How many planes have stress cracks?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: 636 | question: How many planes are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected?, answer: hundreds | question: How many aircrafts are being inspected for stress cracks on a hinge connecting the aileron to the flaps on the back side of the wings,
question: What was the reason for the pirates being released?, answer: because the Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court, | question: What was the reason for the pirates being released?, answer: because the Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court, | question: Where were the pirates detained?, answer: Gulf of Arden. | question: What was the reason for the pirates being released?, answer: because the Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court, | question: What did the defense say?, answer: The U.S. Navy did not have enough evidence to hand them over to Kenya for prosecution in court,
question: Who is holding short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break?, answer: Democratic senators | question: What did Democrats block from making recess appointments?, answer: President Bush | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments. | question: Who is holding short "pro forma" sessions over the holiday break?, answer: Democratic senators | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments. | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments | question: What did Democrats block?, answer: President Bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president, during congressional recesses, to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation.
question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: an appeal from a Georgia death row inmate | question: What did the Supreme Court do?, answer: delayed a decision on whether to accept an appeal from a Georgia death row inmate | question: What did the Supreme Court do?, answer: denied a stay of execution two hours before he was to be put to death. | question: Who is Troy Davis?, answer: Georgia death row inmate | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the the murder of a Savannah police officer | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail. | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the murder of a Savannah police officer | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail. | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the murder of a Savannah police officer | question: What did the Supreme Court deny?, answer: his innocence in the 1989 killing of Officer Mark MacPhail. | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the Justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of Troy Davis, | question: What did the justices announce?, answer: whether they would take the case of
question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: What is David Tuason accused of?, answer: making multiple threats against Justice Clarence Thomas and with threatening to blow up the Supreme Court building. | question: What is David Tuason accused of?, answer: making multiple threats against Justice Clarence Thomas and with threatening to blow up the Supreme Court building. | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas, | question: Who was the target of a racially motivated threat?, answer: Justice Clarence Thomas,
question: What did the Treasury Department do?, answer: froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, which it has deemed a narco-terrorist organization. | question: What did the Treasury Department do?, answer: froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, which it has deemed a narco-terrorist organization. | question: What did the Treasury Department do?, answer: froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, | question: What did the Treasury Department do?, answer: froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, which it has deemed a narco-terrorist organization. | question: What did the Treasury Department do?, answer: froze the U.S. assets of eight members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC,
question: What is the reason for the woman being sent back to her Bambara tribe?, answer: "because her genitalia already had been mutilated [so] she had no basis to fear future persecution if returned to her home country." | question: What is the reason for the woman being sent back to her Bambara tribe?, answer: "because her genitalia already had been mutilated [so] she had no basis to fear future persecution if returned to her home country." | question: Who is Michael Mukasey?, answer: Attorney General | question: What is the reason for the woman being sent back to her Bambara tribe?, answer: "because her genitalia already had been mutilated [so] she had no basis to fear future persecution if returned to her home country." | question: What is the reason for the woman being sent back to her Bambara tribe?, answer: "because her genitalia already had been mutilated [so] she had no basis to fear future persecution if returned to her home country."
question: What is Bout accused of?, answer: conspiring to sell a rebel group millions of dollars in weapons "to be used to kill Americans in Colombia," | question: What is Bout accused of?, answer: conspiring to sell missiles, rockets and other weapons to FARC, a Colombian rebel group. | question: What is Bout accused of?, answer: conspiring to sell missiles, rockets and other weapons to FARC, | question: What is Bout accused of?, answer: conspiring to sell missiles, rockets and other weapons to FARC, | question: What is the name of the Colombian rebel group?, answer: Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) surface-to-air missiles, armor-piercing rocket launchers, "ultralight" airplanes, unmanned aerial vehicles, and other weapons,
question: What is Israel criticized for?, answer: banning hundreds of students from leaving Gaza to study abroad, | question: What is the reason for the scholarships being rescinded?, answer: travel restrictions that Israel imposes on the Palestinian territory. | question: What is the reason for the scholarships being rescinded?, answer: because of travel restrictions | question: What is the reason for the Israelis being criticized?, answer: security concerns, | question: What is the reason for the Israelis being criticized?, answer: security concerns, | question: What is the reason for the scholarships being rescinded?, answer: because of travel restrictions that Israel imposes on the Palestinian territory. | question: What is the reason for the Israelis being criticized?, answer: "faulty decision-making process" by the State Department. | question: Who was criticized?, answer: Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice
question: What does the report say?, answer: The U.S. military hopes to kill or capture some 50 Afghan drug traffickers with financial ties to the Taliban in an effort to shut down one of the insurgency's biggest sources of revenue, | question: How many drug traffickers are on the list?, answer: 50 | question: What does the report say?, answer: The U.S. military hopes to kill or capture some 50 Afghan drug traffickers with financial ties to the Taliban in an effort to shut down one of the insurgency's biggest sources of revenue, | question: How many drug traffickers are on the list?, answer: 50
question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home. | question: What does the report provide?, answer: a "framework" for policymakers to use when deciding whether and how to reorganize counter-intelligence efforts at home.
question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament. | question: What did the official say?, answer: the United States made it clear that it would not get involved in the struggle between Musharraf and the newly elected Pakistani parliament.
question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK, | question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK, | question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK, | question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK, | question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK, | question: What is the name of the separatist Kurdish group PKK?, answer: Kurdistan Workers' Party, | question: Who is affiliated with the Kurdistan Workers' Party?, answer: TAK,
question: What is Iran accused of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, | question: What did Rice accuse Iran of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, | question: What did Rice accuse Iran of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israel off the map." | question: What did Rice accuse Iran of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israel off the map." | question: Who is the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Henry Paulson | question: What did Rice accuse Iran of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israel off the map." | question: Who is the Treasury Secretary?, answer: Henry Paulson | question: What did Rice accuse Iran of?, answer: "pursuing nuclear technologies that can lead to a nuclear weapon; building dangerous ballistic missiles; supporting Shia militants in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq and terrorists in Iraq, Afghanistan, Lebanon and the Palestinian territories; and denying the existence of a fellow member of the United Nations, threatening to wipe Israel off the map." | question:
question: How far from Islamabad did the Taliban surge into the district of Buner bring them?, answer: 60 miles | question: What did the Taliban spokesman say?, answer: withdrew on Friday without any conditions. | question: What did the Taliban spokesman say?, answer: withdrew on Friday without any conditions. | question: How far from Islamabad did the Taliban surge into the district of Buner bring them?, answer: 60 miles | question: Who credited 300 Pakistan's Frontier Corps with driving the militants out of Buner?, answer: Gen. David Petraeus | question: How far from Islamabad did the Taliban surge into the district bring them?, answer: 60 miles
question: What does Kelly say?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about Somalia?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about Somalia?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about Somalia?, answer: the weapons shipments are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about weapons shipments?, answer: are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about weapons shipments?, answer: are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia. | question: What does Kelly say about weapons shipments?, answer: are in accordance with U.N. Security Council resolutions, which ban some arms shipments to Somalia.
question: What should be created?, answer: requiring the president to consult with key members of Congress before sending troops into combat expected to last more than a week, or within three days of doing so in the case of operations that need to be kept secret. | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: The current War Powers Resolution is "ineffective, and it should be repealed and it should be replaced," | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: The current War Powers Resolution is "ineffective, and it should be repealed and it should be replaced," | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: a new War Powers Act. | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: The current War Powers Resolution is "ineffective, and it should be repealed and it should be replaced,"
question: What did the report say?, answer: "some gains" have been made in the security, legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year announced "The New Way Forward" -- the near-term goals for Iraq that included the military surge. | question: What did the report say?, answer: "some gains" have been made in the security, legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year announced "The New Way Forward" -- the near-term goals for Iraq that included the military surge. The surge, or troop escalation, ended this month. | question: What did the report say about security?, answer: "some gains" have been made in the security, legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year announced "The New Way Forward" -- the near-term goals for Iraq that included the military surge. The surge, or troop escalation, ended this month. | question: What did the report say about security?, answer: "some gains" have been made in the security, legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year announced "The New Way Forward" -- the near-term goals for Iraq that included the military surge. The surge, or troop escalation, ended this month. | question: What did the report say about security?, answer: "some gains" have been made in the security, legislative and economic areas since President Bush last year
question: What does the order freeze?, answer: any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it, | question: What does the order do?, answer: freezes any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it, | question: What does the order do?, answer: freezes any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it, | question: What does the order do?, answer: freezes any U.S. assets of Hyoksin and prohibits any Americans from dealing with it,
question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: Fidel Castro overthrew the pro-American government in Havana. | question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: The United States has maintained an embargo against Cuba | question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: Fidel Castro overthrew the pro-American government in Havana. | question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: Fidel Castro overthrew the pro-American government in Havana. | question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: Fidel Castro overthrew the pro-American government in Havana. | question: What are relations 50 years after?, answer: Fidel Castro overthrew the pro-American government in Havana.
question: What did President Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe," | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "There was a time when Zimbabwe was the breadbasket of Africa, and [it] continues to have enormous potential. It has gone through a very dark and difficult time politically." | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe," | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe," | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "There was a time when Zimbabwe was the breadbasket of Africa, and [it] continues to have enormous potential. It has gone through a very dark and difficult time politically." | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "There was a power-sharing agreement that shows promise, and we want to do everything we can to encourage the kinds of improvement not only on human rights and rule of law, freedom of the press and democracy that is so necessary, but also on the economic front." | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe," | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "There was a power-sharing agreement that shows promise, and we want to do everything we can to encourage the kinds of improvement not only on human rights and rule of law, freedom of the press and democracy that is so necessary, but also on the economic front." | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "I obviously have extraordinary admiration for the courage and tenacity that the prime minister has shown in navigating through some very difficult political times in Zimbabwe," | question: What did Obama say about Zimbabwe?, answer: "We now have a power-sharing agreement that shows promise, and we want to do everything we can to encourage the kinds of improvement
question: Who is a vigorous supporter of stem-cell research?, answer: Nancy Reagan | question: What did Reagan argue about?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease. | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease. | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, who suffered from Alzheimer's disease. | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband, | question: What did Reagan argue?, answer: expanded stem-cell research could have helped her husband,
question: Who is the White House trying to protect?, answer: the president's ability to receive candid advice and offered to let top aides discuss the firings only if they were not placed under oath and no transcript was taken. | question: Who is Karl Rove?, answer: President Bush's top political adviser, | question: Who is trying to cover up Rove's role in the firings?, answer: the White House | question: Who is Karl Rove?, answer: President Bush's top political adviser, | question: Who is trying to cover up Rove's role in the firings?, answer: Sen. Patrick Leahy, | question: Who is trying to cover up Rove's role in the firings?, answer: Sen. Patrick Leahy, | question: Who is trying to cover up Rove's role in the firings?, answer: Sen. Patrick Leahy, | question: Who is trying to cover up Rove's role in the firings?, answer: Sen. Patrick Leahy,
question: Who will be flown from Mansfield, Ohio, to Andrews Air Force Base?, answer: Sen. Sherrod Brown, | question: What is considered "official business"?, answer: the vote | question: Who will be flown from Mansfield, Ohio, to Andrews Air Force Base?, answer: Sen. Sherrod Brown, | question: What does the White House provide?, answer: use of a government airplane to a key Democratic senator in order to ensure the availability of what may prove to be the deciding 60th vote in favor of the $787 billion economic stimulus package. | question: Who will be flown from Mansfield, Ohio, to Andrews Air Force Base?, answer: Sen. Sherrod Brown,
question: What does the White House accuse Democrats of?, answer: holding veterans care funding hostage. | question: What did Democrats do?, answer: attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education. | question: What does the White House accuse Democrats of?, answer: holding veterans care funding hostage. | question: What did Democrats do?, answer: attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education. | question: What did Democrats do?, answer: attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education. | question: What did the Democrats do?, answer: attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill that also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor and education.
question: What was Jack Johnson convicted of?, answer: dating a white woman. | question: Who was convicted in 1913 for dating a white woman?, answer: Jack Johnson, | question: Who is Jack Johnson?, answer: the African-American boxing champion | question: Who is the push for a rare posthumous pardon?, answer: Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, and Rep. Peter King, | question: What was Jack Johnson convicted of?, answer: dating a white woman. | question: Who was the first African-American to win the heavyweight title?, answer: Jack Johnson, | question: Who was convicted for dating a white woman?, answer: Jack Johnson, | question: Who was first African American to win the heavyweight title?, answer: Jack Johnson,
question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," | question: What did Obama avoid?, answer: any mention of controversial political initiatives. | question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," | question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," | question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," | question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it," | question: What did Obama say in the speech?, answer: "No matter what you want to do with your life, I guarantee that you'll need an education to do it,"
question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama | question: What is the doll's name?, answer: Michelle Obama
question: Who is en route to New York?, answer: The alleged pirate | question: Who is en route to New York?, answer: The alleged pirate | question: Who is en route to New York?, answer: The alleged pirate | question: Who is en route to New York?, answer: The alleged pirate | question: What is the name of the ship that was hijacked?, answer: Maersk Alabama | question: What is the name of the ship that was hijacked?, answer: Maersk Alabama | question: Who is en route to New York?, answer: The alleged pirate
question: What did the ship strike?, answer: fenders around the base of a bridge support tower, | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the Korean-flagged Cosco Busan do?, answer: rammed into San Francisco's Bay Bridge | question: What did the fenders do?, answer: rupturing two of the ship's fuel tanks and spill about 53,000 gallons of oil | question: What did the ship do?, answer: rupturing two of the ship's fuel tanks and spill about 53,000 gallons of oil | question: What did the fenders do to the
question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the annual Supreme Court Red Mass be held?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the annual Red Mass be held?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the annual Red Mass be held?, answer: Sunday, October 4 | question: When will the Supreme Court begin its new term?, answer: Sunday, October 4
question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: the evidence | question: What is too weak for a court martial?, answer: The case against a Marine accused of murder in a 2005 incident involving the killings of Iraqi civilians in Haditha "is simply not strong enough to prove against a reasonable doubt,"
question: What did the federal court rule?, answer: said the Jackson incident was obscene. | question: What did the federal court rule?, answer: thrown out a $550,000 government fine against the broadcast network and its affiliates for airing the incident during halftime of the 2004 Super Bowl. | question: What did the TV networks say?, answer: their scripted shows no longer air nudity, racy images or expletives, even after 10 p.m., when some potentially vulgar words are permitted. | question: What did the television networks say?, answer: their scripted shows no longer air nudity, racy images or expletives, | question: What did the federal communications commission say?, answer: the Jackson incident was obscene. | question: What did the TV networks say?, answer: their scripted shows no longer air nudity, racy images or expletives, even after 10 p.m., when some potentially vulgar words are permitted. | question: What did the federal communications commission say?, answer: the Jackson incident was obscene. | question: What did the TV networks say?, answer: their scripted shows no longer air nudity, racy images or expletives, even after 10 p.m., when some potentially vulgar words are permitted. | question: What did the TV networks say?, answer: their scripted shows no longer air nudity, racy images or expletives,
question: What remains a mystery?, answer: The cause of a deadly Washington Metro subway crash last month | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed in the June 22 crash?, answer: Nine | question: What is the number of people killed in the crash?, answer: Nine
question: What did Ford say?, answer: the salary of its CEO, Alan Mulally, would be cut to $1 a year if Ford actually borrowed money from the government. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: the salary of its CEO, Alan Mulally, would be cut to $1 a year if Ford actually borrowed money from the government. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: the salary of its CEO, Alan Mulally, would be cut to $1 a year if Ford actually borrowed money from the government. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: it plans to invest about $14 billion in the United States on advanced technologies and products to improve fuel efficiency during the next seven years. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: the salary of its CEO, Alan Mulally, will accept a salary of $1 a year if Congress comes through with a bailout for the automakers. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: the salary of its CEO, Alan Mulally, will accept a salary of $1 a year if Congress comes through with a bailout for the automakers. | question: What did Ford say?, answer: it plans to invest about $14 billion in the United States on advanced technologies and products to improve fuel efficiency during the next seven years.
question: What is Gen. David McKiernan's opinion on Afghanistan?, answer: "an increased number of fighters" coming into Afghanistan from Pakistan's lawless tribal regions. | question: What is needed?, answer: additional military capability | question: What is Gen. David McKiernan's opinion on Afghanistan?, answer: "an increased number of fighters" coming into Afghanistan from Pakistan's lawless tribal regions. | question: What is needed?, answer: additional military capability | question: What is Gen. David McKiernan's opinion on?, answer: "an increased number of fighters" coming into Afghanistan from Pakistan's lawless tribal regions. | question: What is Gen. David McKiernan's opinion?, answer: "It's a significant increase from what we saw this time last year,"
question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "The most important job I have had -- and the most important job the next president is going to have -- is to protect the American people from another attack," | question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "We've stopped some specific threats against the United States since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks." | question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "We've stopped some specific threats -- we're decimating [al Qaeda's] leadership." | question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "We've learned a lot of information about al Qaeda that we didn't know before," | question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "We've stopped some specific threats against the United States since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks." | question: What did Bush say about al qaeda?, answer: "We've learned a lot of information about al Qaeda that we didn't know before,"
question: What does the study say?, answer: tobacco use impairs military readiness in the short term. Over the long term, it can cause serious health problems, including lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. | question: What does the study say?, answer: tobacco use impairs military readiness in the short term. Over the long term, it can cause serious health problems, including lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. | question: What does the study say?, answer: tobacco use impairs military readiness in the short term. Over the long term, it can cause serious health problems, including lung cancer and cardiovascular disease. | question: What does Secretary Robert Gates say he does not want to compound stress in combat zones by banning smoking?, answer: he does not want to compound stress in combat zones by banning smoking.
question: What did Bob Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Bob Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Bob Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Bob Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed," | question: What did Woodward say about the program?, answer: must remain secret for now or it would "get people killed,"
question: What did the documents say?, answer: the joint venture included payments to international consultants to bribe Nigerian officials. | question: What did the court documents say?, answer: The 22-page court document outlines a complex joint venture involving KBR and the Nigeria government-owned National Petroleum Corporation charged with developing the country's oil and gas industry. | question: What did the court documents say?, answer: the joint venture included payments to international consultants to bribe Nigerian officials. | question: What did the documents say?, answer: the joint venture included payments to international consultants to bribe Nigerian officials. | question: What was spun off from?, answer: Halliburton subsidiary KBR | question: What did the documents say?, answer: outlines a complex joint venture involving KBR and the Nigeria government-owned National Petroleum Corporation charged with developing the country's oil and gas industry.
question: What did Roy Pearson sue over?, answer: a missing pair of pants | question: When did Pearson lose his $54 million lawsuit?, answer: last year | question: When did Pearson lose his $54 million lawsuit?, answer: last year | question: When did Pearson lose his $54 million lawsuit?, answer: last year | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: owners of this dry cleaning business | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: owners of this dry cleaning business | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: the owners of this dry cleaning business | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: the owners of this dry cleaning business | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: over a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: the owners of this dry cleaning business | question: What did Roy Pearson sue?, answer: missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: $54 million | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: $54 million | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: $54 million | question: What did Roy Pearson sue for?, answer: a missing pair of pants. | question: What did Roy Pearson sue over?, answer: a missing pair of pants. | question
question: What did Prince say?, answer: guards "definitely" faced insurgent fire in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about guards?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire | question: What did Prince say about guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "Certainly it's possible," | question: What did Prince say about the incident?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "definitely" faced insurgent fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about security guards?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about the incident?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about the incident?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did Prince say about the incident?, answer: "There was definitely incoming small arms fire from insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: Who said that guards "definitely" faced insurgents" in the September 16 incident in Baghdad, | question: What did
question: Who is the only country that still flies the F-14 Tomcat?, answer: Iran | question: What does the US Department of Justice say?, answer: The illegal export of U.S. military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat, | question: What does the US Department of Justice say?, answer: The illegal export of U.S. military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat, | question: Who is the only country that still flies the F-14 Tomcat?, answer: Iran | question: What does the US Department of Justice say?, answer: The illegal export of U.S. military technology to Iran and China poses a growing threat, | question: What does the Department of Justice say about China and Iran?, answer: "China and Iran pose particular U.S. export control concerns," | question: Who is the only country that still flies the F-14 Tomcat?, answer: Iran
question: What pages were allegedly having oral sex in public?, answer: Capitol Hill dormitory. | question: Who is the House page board?, answer: Ginny Brown-Waite, | question: Who is the House page board?, answer: Ginny Brown-Waite, | question: Who is the House page board?, answer: Ginny Brown-Waite, | question: Who is the House page board?, answer: Ginny Brown-Waite, | question: Who was dismissed for allegedly having oral sex in public areas of Capitol Hill dormitory?, answer: Two pages | question: What is the name of the House page program?, answer: House page
question: Who is the longest serving Republican on the Judiciary Committee?, answer: Sen. Orrin Hatch | question: Who is the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court?, answer: Judge Sonia Sotomayor | question: Who is the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court?, answer: Judge Sonia Sotomayor | question: Who is the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor | question: Who is the longest serving Republican on the Senate Judiciary Committee?, answer: Sen. Orrin Hatch | question: Who is the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor | question: Who is the first Hispanic on the U.S. Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor
question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: he knew the attacker's identity, | question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: he knew the attacker's identity, | question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: "Yes! Yes! Yes!!!!!!! I finally know who mailed the anthrax letters in the fall of 2001. I've pieced it together! Now we can finally get this over and done with," | question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: he knew the attacker's identity, | question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: "Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!!!!!!! I finally know who mailed the anthrax letters in the fall of 2001. I've pieced it together! Now we can finally get this over and done with," | question: What did the e-mail say?, answer: he knew the attacker's identity,
question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: Lynn Morris says she was shocked at how her daughter, the plane's co-pilot, was portrayed in the | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: Lynn Morris says she was shocked at how her daughter, the plane's co-pilot, was portrayed in the | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: Lynn Morris says she was shocked at how her daughter, the plane's co-pilot, was portrayed in the | question: What did the NTSB say?, answer: her daughter and the pilot were "being used as a scapegoat." | question: What did the NTSB say about Lynn Morris?, answer: her daughter and the pilot were "being used as a scapegoat." | question: What did the NTSB say about Lynn Morris?, answer: her daughter and the pilot were "being used as a scapegoat." | question: What did the NTSB say about Lynn Morris?, answer: her daughter and the pilot were "being used as a scapegoat." | question: What did the NTSB say about Lynn Morris?, answer: her daughter and the pilot were "being used as a scapegoat."
question: What did the watchdog group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: Who is the parent company of ArmorGroup?, answer: parent company of a security contractor | question: What did the company say?, answer: it is "fully cooperating" in the investigation of allegations that the contractor allowed mistreatment, sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan. | question: What did the watchdog group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the company say?, answer: it is "fully cooperating" in the investigation of allegations that the contractor allowed mistreatment, sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan. | question: What did the watchdog group say?, answer: hazing at a camp for security guards went "well beyond partying." | question: What did the company say?, answer: it is "fully cooperating" in the investigation of allegations that the contractor allowed mistreatment, sexual activity and intimidation within the ranks of private guards hired to protect the U.S. Embassy in Afghanistan.
question: What did the transcript say?, answer: The last sounds heard in the cockpit were First Officer Rebecca Shaw saying "We're" and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12, | question: What did the transcript say?, answer: The pilot, Capt. Marvin Renslow, said, "Jesus Christ," and "We're down," seconds before the plane hurtled from the night sky into a house outside Buffalo, New York, in February. | question: What did the transcript say?, answer: The pilot, Capt. Marvin Renslow, said, "We're" and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12, | question: What did the transcript say?, answer: The pilot, Capt. Marvin Renslow, said, "Jesus Christ," and "We're," | question: What did the transcript say?, answer: The last sounds heard in the cockpit were First Officer Rebecca Shaw saying "We're" and then screaming at 10:16 p.m. on February 12,
question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri, | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri, | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri,
question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri, | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the plane land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri, | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Missouri. | question: Where did the pilot land?, answer: Ellsinore, southern Missouri,
question: What was the suspect's name?, answer: "Pirate Defendant," | question: Where did the suspect arrive?, answer: New York City | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a dark jumpsuit and handcuffs, and what appeared to be a bandage on his left hand?, answer: a bandage on his left hand. | question: What did the suspect wear?, answer: a
question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "These personal experiences have informed my work, and I will continue to fight for human rights as secretary of state in traditional and especially nontraditional ways and venues," | question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "These personal experiences have informed my work, and I will continue to fight for human rights as secretary of state in traditional and especially nontraditional ways and venues," | question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "Global problems are too big and too complex to be solved without the full participation of women," | question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "Global problems are too big and too complex to be solved without the full participation of women," | question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "Global problems are too big and too complex to be solved without the full participation of women," | question: What did Clinton say about women?, answer: "Global problems are too big and too complex to be solved without the full participation of women,"
question: Where did the two planes collide?, answer: congested airspace bordering Manhattan. | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: need to be rewritten to prevent another mishap like this month's fatal collision of a small plane and a sightseeing helicopter, | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: need to be rewritten to prevent another mishap like this month's fatal collision of a small plane and a sightseeing helicopter, | question: What is the recommendation?, answer: The rules governing air traffic over New York's Hudson River | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River. | question: What is the recommendation based on?, answer: the "safety of flight" over the Hudson River.
question: When were the videotapes destroyed?, answer: 2005. | question: When were the videotapes destroyed?, answer: 2005. | question: What did Harman urge the CIA to do?, answer: destroy videotapes it had made of the interrogations of terrorist detainees, | question: When were the videotapes destroyed?, answer: 2005. | question: When were the videotapes destroyed?, answer: 2005. | question: When were the videotapes made?, answer: 2002 | question: What did Harman urge the CIA to do?, answer: not to destroy videotapes it had made of the interrogations of terrorist detainees, | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." | question: What did Harman write?, answer: that destruction of the tapes would "reflect badly on the agency." |
question: Who is expected to ask for additional troops?, answer: Gen. Stanley McChrystal's | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: Who is expected to ask for additional troops?, answer: The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: additional troops and equipment, | question: What is the request for?, answer: troops and equipment, | question: Who is the Defense Secretary?, answer: Robert Gates
question: What did the Defense Secretary say?, answer: "Focus of the Air Force leadership has drifted" in terms of handling nuclear weapons and equipment, | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: recognize systemic problems, to address those problems or, when beyond their authority to act, to call the attention of superiors to those problems," | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: recognize systemic problems, to address those problems or, when beyond their authority to act, to call the attention of superiors to those problems," | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: recognize systemic problems, to address those problems or, when beyond their authority to act, to call the attention of superiors to those problems," | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: recognize systemic problems, to address those problems or, when beyond their authority to act, to call the attention of superiors to those problems," | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: to improve security after mishaps and Air Force personnel handling nuclear weapons consistently failed to follow existing rules. | question: What did the Air Force leaders fail to do?, answer: recognize systemic problems, to address those problems or, when beyond their authority to act, to call the attention of superiors to those problems,
question: What percent of global growth will happen in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean?, answer: 97 | question: Where is the vast majority of growth coming from?, answer: developing and, in many cases, the poorest nations, | question: What percent of global growth will happen in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean?, answer: 97 | question: Where is the vast majority of growth coming from?, answer: developing and, in many cases, the poorest nations, | question: What percent of global growth will happen in the next 40 years?, answer: Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, | question: Where is the vast majority of growth coming from?, answer: developing and, in many cases, the poorest nations, | question: Where is the vast majority of growth coming from?, answer: developing and, in many cases, the poorest nations, | question: Where is the vast majority of growth coming from?, answer: developing and, in many cases, the poorest nations,
question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: protect tropical forests. | question: What is the aim of the treaty?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What is the aim of the treaty?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests. | question: What does the treaty aim to do?, answer: to protect tropical forests.
question: What percentage of Americans don't want the court's Roe vs. Wade decision overturned?, answer: 68 | question: What percentage of Americans don't want the court's Roe vs. Wade decision?, answer: 68 | question: What percentage of Americans don't want the court's Roe vs. Wade decision to overturn?, answer: 68 | question: Who is the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor | question: Who is the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor | question: What percentage of Americans say they don't want the court's Roe vs. Wade decision overturned?, answer: 68 | question: Who is the first Hispanic woman to serve on the Supreme Court?, answer: Sonia Sotomayor
question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: Who is Stephen Harper?, answer: Canadian Prime Minister | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: Who has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States for the war in Afghanistan | question: What has dipped to an all-time low?, answer: Support in the United States
question: What did the President say?, answer: "Last night, a difficult decision was made to end the search," | question: What did the White House say?, answer: "Laura and I are deeply saddened by this tragedy and continue to pray for the families of these men." | question: What did the Mine Safety and Health Administration say?, answer: has exhausted all known options in our attempt to reach the six miners," | question: What did the Labor Secretary say about the ordeal?, answer: called the ordeal "heartbreaking." | question: What did the Labor Secretary say about the ordeal?, answer: "The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation that claimed three lives and injured six others has taken a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community, and our thoughts and prayers are with them all,"
question: What does the song offer?, answer: advice to the president on energy, taxes, financial regulation and al Qaeda and urges him to "control Ahmadinejad." | question: What does the song offer advice on?, answer: "You Can Vote However You Like," | question: What does the song offer advice on?, answer: energy, taxes, financial regulation and al Qaeda | question: What does the song offer advice on?, answer: "You Can Vote However You Like," | question: What does the song offer advice to the president?, answer: "You Can Vote However You Like," | question: What does the song offer advice on?, answer: energy, taxes, financial regulation and al Qaeda and urges him to "control Ahmadinejad." | question: What does the song offer advice on?, answer: energy, taxes, financial regulation and al Qaeda
question: How many Americans are estimated to have been victims of fake check scams?, answer: 1.3 million | question: What is the average loss?, answer: $3,000 to $4,000 per consumer. | question: What did Harry Smith do?, answer: deposited checks, wait for the funds to become available at his bank, then send cash to her, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, with an average loss of $3,000 to $4,000 per consumer. | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam, | question: What does the Consumer Federation estimate?, answer: that 1.3 million Americans have been the victim of a fake check scam,
question: What are the cherry blossom trees?, answer: a gift of friendship to the U.S. government from Japan in 1912, | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the festival's theme?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom Festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question: What is the theme of the annual two-week National Cherry Blossom Festival?, answer: National Cherry Blossom | question
question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39, | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39, | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39, | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39, | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Burberry, Gucci and Coach. | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39, | question: What are the names of the alleged leaders?, answer: Chong Lam, 49, and Joyce Chan, 39,
question: When did the E-2C Hawkeye crash?, answer: Wednesday night, | question: What did the Navy officials say?, answer: they do not know | question: What did the Navy officials say?, answer: they do not know | question: What is the name of the aircraft carrier?, answer: USS Harry S. Truman | question: What is the name of the aircraft carrier?, answer: USS Harry S. Truman | question: What is the name of the aircraft carrier?, answer: USS Harry S. Truman | question: What is the name of the aircraft carrier?, answer: USS Harry S. Truman | question: What did the Navy officials say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: Who is missing?, answer: Three U.S. Navy aviators?, answer: Three | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, | question: What did the Navy say?, answer: they do not know what caused the plane to crash, |
question: What does Lauper believe?, answer: it's always wrong to discriminate," | question: What does Lauper believe?, answer: it's a matter of fairness. | question: What does Nelson believe?, answer: "It's always wrong to discriminate," | question: What does Nelson believe?, answer: it's a matter of fairness. | question: What does Nelson believe?, answer: "It's always wrong to discriminate," | question: What does Nelson believe?, answer: it's a matter of fairness. | question: Who is a lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights?, answer: Cyndi Lauper | question: What does Nelson believe?, answer: it's always wrong to discriminate,"
question: What does Obama's ethics code require?, answer: no lobbyist can work for an agency he may have lobbied. | question: Who is the only confirmed official at Treasury?, answer: Tim Geithner | question: Who is the only confirmed official at his department?, answer: Tim Geithner | question: What does Obama's ethics code require?, answer: no lobbyist can work for an agency he may have lobbied. | question: What does the ethics code require?, answer: no lobbyist can work for an agency he may have lobbied. | question: Who is the only confirmed official at Treasury?, answer: Tim Geithner | question: Who is the only confirmed official at his department?, answer: Tim Geithner
question: Who is Nancy Pelosi?, answer: House Speaker | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi | question: What is the number of troops needed to be out of Iraq by?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000 | question: What is the number of troops needed?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000 | question: What is the number of troops needed?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000 | question: What is the number of troops needed?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000 | question: What is the number of troops needed?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000 | question: What is the number of troops needed?, answer: between 35,000 to 50,000
question: How many Americans die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000 | question: How many people die annually from eating contaminated food?, answer: An estimated 5,000
question: What did Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas disagree over?, answer: whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr. The stay eventually was denied, and about an hour later, at 2:34 a.m., Johnson was put to death by lethal injection at a Nashville, Tennessee, prison. | question: Who disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr.?, answer: Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas | question: Who disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr.?, answer: Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas | question: Who disagreed over whether to grant a stay of execution for Cecil Johnson Jr.?, answer: Justices John Paul Stevens and Clarence Thomas
question: What did Justice Clarence Thomas say?, answer: "It is the crime and not the punishment imposed by the jury or the delay in execution that was 'unacceptably cruel,'" he responded. | question: What did the court say?, answer: "Our experience during the past three decades has demonstrated that delays in state-sponsored killings are inescapable and that executing defendants after such is unacceptably cruel," | question: What did Justice John Paul Stevens say?, answer: "Our experience during the past three decades has demonstrated that delays in state-sponsored killings are inescapable and that executing defendants after such is unacceptably cruel," | question: What did Justice Clarence Thomas say?, answer: "It is the crime and not the punishment imposed by the jury or the delay in execution that was 'unacceptably cruel,'" | question: What did Justice Clarence Thomas say?, answer: "It is the crime and not the punishment imposed by the jury or the delay in execution that was 'unacceptably cruel,'"
question: Where did the bombers flew?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the bombers flew?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the bombers flew?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the bombers flew?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the bombers flew?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the bombers fly?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers fly?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did the Russian bombers land?, answer: about 500 miles off the Alaska coast. | question: Where did the Russian bombers land?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did they land?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question: Where did they land?, answer: near the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz, | question:
question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: about 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: about 1,000 | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two new camouflage color schemes and patterns | question: How many soldiers will be field-tested?, answer: two | question: How many soldiers
question: What is the name of the missing person?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda, | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's name?, answer: Michio Kanda | question: What is the name of the missing person's
question: How many troops will be sent?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan next year?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan next year?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be moved to Afghanistan next year?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 3,000 | question: How many troops will be deployed?, answer: 
question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin" | question: What did Vitter apologize for?, answer: "a serious sin"
question: What does Sotomayor say about her judicial philosophy?, answer: Remain faithful to the law. | question: What does Sotomayor say about her judicial philosophy?, answer: is, in fact, quite simple: Remain faithful to the law. | question: What does Sotomayor say about her judicial philosophy?, answer: it is simple: fidelity to the law. | question: What does Sotomayor say about her judicial philosophy?, answer: Remain faithful to the law. | question: What does Sotomayor allow?, answer: rulings to be swayed by factors such as ethnicity and race. | question: What does Sotomayor allow her rulings to be swayed by?, answer: factors such as ethnicity and race. | question: What does Sotomayor allow her rulings to be swayed by?, answer: factors such as ethnicity and race. | question: What does Sotomayor allow her rulings to be swayed by?, answer: factors such as ethnicity and race. | question: What does Sotomayor allow her rulings to be swayed by?, answer: factors such as ethnicity and race.
question: Where was the wire found?, answer: between two fences along the U.S.-Mexican border | question: What could have seriously harmed or even decapitated Border Patrol agents?, answer: when stretched taut, | question: What was the length of the wire?, answer: 4 feet high | question: What was found at the border?, answer: a wire between two fences | question: What was the length of the wire?, answer: 4 feet high | question: What was found at the border?, answer: a wire between two fences | question: What could have seriously harmed or decapitated Border Patrol agents?, answer: a wire between two fences along the U.S.-Mexican border | question: What was found at the border?, answer: a wire between two fences along the U.S.-Mexican border
question: What does the official say?, answer: North Korean leader Kim Jong Il seems to be "testing the new administration." | question: What does the official say?, answer: The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future, | question: What does the official say?, answer: North Korean leader Kim Jong Il seems to be "testing the new administration." | question: What does the official say?, answer: The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future, | question: What does the official say?, answer: The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future, | question: What does the official say?, answer: The U.S. intelligence community does not believe North Korea intends to launch a long-range missile in the near future,
question: What is the report about?, answer: U.S. schools need to be better equipped to teach math. | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the Department of Education?, answer: Department of Education's latest examination of how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: U.S. schools need to be better equipped to teach math. | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics, | question: What is the report about?, answer: how well American children are doing in mathematics,
question: What is the issue?, answer: the raw fiber used in their construction. | question: What is the issue?, answer: the raw fiber used in their construction. | question: What does the Army say?, answer: Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics. | question: What does the Army say?, answer: Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics. | question: What does the Army say?, answer: Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics. | question: What does the Army say Defender M resists fire the longest of other fabrics?, answer: Defender M | question: What is the issue?, answer: the raw fiber used in their construction. | question: What is the issue?, answer: the raw fiber used in their construction.
question: Who denounced the bombing campaign?, answer: Iraqi Kurdish officials, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: Kurdish rebels using northern Iraq as a launchpad for cross-border attacks into Turkey. | question: What did Kurdish officials denounce?, answer: the Turkish bombing campaign. | question: What did Kurdish officials denounce?, answer: the Turkish bombing campaign. | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Kurdish officials denounce?, answer: the Turkish bombing campaign. | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border, | question: What did Bush and Erdogan talk about?, answer: the dangers of the Kurdish separatist rebels along the Turkish-Iraqi border,
question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: incidents aboard two other Airbus A330s. | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s | question: What are the investigators probing?, answer: two recent failures of airspeed and altitude indications aboard Airbus A330s
question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 items | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 items | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000 items | question: How many items are unaccounted for at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library?, answer: Up to 80,000
question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private insurance for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private insurance for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private insurance for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: the idea "is wholly unacceptable and a total abrogation of our government's moral and legal responsibility to the men and women who have sacrificed so much." | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries. | question: What does the group say?, answer: it's "wholly unacceptable" to charge veterans' private health care for service-related injuries.
question: What is the most sensitive test for cancer?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: colon cancer, rectal cancer and polyps, small clumps of cells that can become cancerous, | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy | question: What is the most sensitive test for?, answer: A colonoscopy
question: What did Biden say about Afghanistan?, answer: "I don't think [Cheney] is out of line, but he is dead wrong," | question: What did Biden say about Afghanistan?, answer: "I don't think [Cheney] is out of line, but he is dead wrong," | question: What did Biden say about Afghanistan?, answer: "I don't think [Cheney] is out of line, but he is dead wrong," | question: What did Biden say about Afghanistan?, answer: "I don't think [Cheney] is out of line, but he is dead wrong," | question: What did Biden say about Afghanistan?, answer: "I don't think [Cheney] is out of line, but he is dead wrong,"
question: What did the video show?, answer: Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl, captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan, | question: What did the video show?, answer: Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl, captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan, | question: What did the video show?, answer: Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl, captured by the Taliban in Afghanistan, | question: What did the video show?, answer: Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl, | question: What did the video show?, answer: Pfc. Bowe Bergdahl,
question: Who is the Republican presidential nominee?, answer: Sen. John McCain, | question: Who is the Democratic presidential nominee?, answer: Sen. John Kerry, | question: What percentage of the population is in Northern Virginia?, answer: liberal. | question: What percentage of the population is liberal?, answer: "A third of the population in Northern Virginia is pretty liberal. A lot of people are buying into [Obama's] notion that Virginia is not as red as people think," | question: What percentage of the population in Northern Virginia is liberal?, answer: "A third of the population in Northern Virginia is pretty liberal. A lot of people are buying into [Obama's notion that Virginia is not as red as people think?, answer: "is not as red as people think,"
question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: November 9 | question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: "has been carefully coordinated with the governor's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue." | question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: November 9 | question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: "has been carefully coordinated with the governor's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue." | question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: "has been carefully coordinated with the governor's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue." | question: What is the date of John Allen Muhammad's letter?, answer: November 9 | question: What is the date of the letter?, answer: "has been carefully coordinated with the governor's office to insure his availability for any clemency petition Muhammad may wish to pursue."
question: Who was the suspect?, answer: Ingmar Guandique, | question: Who was the suspect?, answer: Ingmar Guandique, | question: What did Levy's mother say?, answer: an arrest is imminent in her daughter's 2001 death, | question: Who was Levy's daughter?, answer: congressional intern | question: Who was Levy's daughter?, answer: Chandra Levy | question: Who was the suspect?, answer: Ingmar Guandique, | question: Who was Levy's daughter?, answer: congressional intern | question: Who was Levy's daughter?, answer: congressional intern
question: What did Wendell Potter say?, answer: the industry is playing "dirty tricks" in an effort to manipulate public opinion. | question: What did he say?, answer: the industry is playing "dirty tricks" in an effort to manipulate public opinion. | question: What did Wendell Potter say?, answer: the industry is playing "dirty tricks" in an effort to manipulate public opinion. | question: What did Potter say?, answer: "Words matter, and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset," | question: What did he say about the insurance industry?, answer: "Words matter, and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset," | question: What did he say about the insurance industry?, answer: is playing "dirty tricks" in an effort to manipulate public opinion. | question: What did he say about the insurance industry?, answer: "Words matter, and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset," | question: What did he say about the insurance industry?, answer: "Words matter, and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset," | question: What did Wendell Potter say about the insurance industry?, answer: is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset," | question: What did Wendell Potter say about the insurance industry?, answer: "Words matter, and the insurance industry is a master at linguistics and using the hot words, buzzwords, buzz expressions that they know will get people upset,"
question: What was Gregg Wenzel's occupation?, answer: CIA spy. | question: Who was Wenzel a member of?, answer: the first clandestine service class to graduate after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. | question: What was Gregg Wenzel's occupation?, answer: CIA spy. | question: What was Gregg Wenzel's occupation?, answer: CIA spy. | question: What was Wenzel a member of?, answer: the first clandestine service class to graduate after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. | question: What was Gregg Wenzel's occupation?, answer: CIA spy. | question: What was Gregg Wenzel's occupation?, answer: CIA spy. | question: Who was a member of the first clandestine service class to graduate after the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks?, answer: Wenzel
question: What did Lidia Schaefer do?, answer: sold her house and car and set aside tips and part of her salary to raise money for the school. | question: What did Lidia Schaefer do?, answer: sold her house and car and set aside tips and part of her salary to raise money for the school. | question: What did Lidia Schaefer do?, answer: sold her house and car and set aside tips and part of her salary to raise money for the school. | question: What did Lidia Schaefer do?, answer: sold her house and car and set aside tips and part of her salary to raise money for the school. | question: What did Lidia Schaefer learn about?, answer: one of the girls she'd met -- Medhine -- had been attacked and killed by a hyena after falling behind other children during the long trek home from school,
question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year. | question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year. | question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year. | question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year. | question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year. | question: What did Clinton say about the job?, answer: the president has answered the central question she raised about him when she was his chief rival for the Democratic nomination last year.
question: Where was the party?, answer: Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington | question: Who is Andrew Kinard?, answer: a young Marine | question: Who was recovering from an IED attack in Iraq?, answer: Andrew Kinard | question: Who was recovering from an IED attack in Iraq?, answer: Andrew Kinard | question: Who is Andrew Kinard?, answer: a young Marine | question: Who was recovering from an IED attack in Iraq?, answer: Andrew Kinard | question: Who was recovering from an IED attack in Iraq?, answer: Andrew Kinard | question: What is Kinard recovering from?, answer: a devastating IED attack in Iraq.
question: What does Sen. Kent Conrad say?, answer: co-ops are nonprofit organizations that aim to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members. They put profits back into the system, so any money that is earned is used on patients and other costs. | question: What does Sen. Kent Conrad say?, answer: co-ops are nonprofit organizations that aim to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members. They put profits back into the system, so any money that is earned is used on patients and other costs. | question: What does Sen. Kent Conrad say?, answer: co-ops are nonprofit organizations that aim to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members. | question: What does Sen. Kent Conrad say?, answer: co-ops are nonprofit organizations that aim to provide better coverage at a lower cost for their members.
question: What did Glenn Beck say?, answer: "The Mao quote is one I picked up from the late Republican strategist Lee Atwater from something I read in the late 1980s, so I hope I don't get my progressive friends mad at me," | question: What did Glenn Beck say?, answer: "The Mao quote is one I picked up from the late Republican strategist Lee Atwater from something I read in the late 1980s, so I hope I don't get my progressive friends mad at me," | question: What did Glenn Beck say?, answer: "The use of the phrase 'favorite political philosophers' was intended as irony, but clearly the effort fell flat -- at least with a certain Fox commentator whose sense of irony may be missing." | question: What did Glenn Beck say?, answer: "The Mao quote is one I picked up from the late Republican strategist Lee Atwater, so I hope I don't get my progressive friends mad at me,"
question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: White House press secretary Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow, | question: Who is undergoing treatment for cancer?, answer: Tony Snow,
question: Who is Dana Perino?, answer: White House spokeswoman | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino
question: Who is Dana Perino?, answer: White House spokeswoman | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino | question: Who is the White House spokeswoman?, answer: Dana Perino
question: How much has Iraq's oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much has Iraq's oil price risen?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much is the surplus?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much has the oil price risen?, answer: $112 a barrel | question: How much is the surplus?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much is the surplus?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much is the surplus?, answer: $6.4 billion | question: How much is the surplus?, answer: $6.4 billion
question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51 | question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51 | question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51 | question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51 | question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51 | question: What percent of the Democratic voters were backed by Clinton?, answer: 51
question: What did the FBI announce in January?, answer: hiring blitz | question: How many people applied?, answer: 270,000 | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer: hiring blitz in January to fill more than 2,100 professional staff positions. | question: What did the FBI announce?, answer:
question: How much did "Fireproof" bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: What did Kirk Cameron star in?, answer: "Fireproof," | question: How much did "Fireproof" bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof" bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof" bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof" bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof bring in?, answer: $33.5 million | question: How much did "Fireproof bring in?, answer: $33.5 million
question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: the National Security Agency to intercept without a court order communications between people in the United States and foreign targets overseas. | question: What does the measure authorize?, answer: conduct electronic surveillance
question: What does Sarah Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform. | question: What does Palin say about government?, answer: is not the solution to health care reform.
question: What did the veteran tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system," | question: What did Ty Ziegel tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system," | question: What did the veteran tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system," | question: What did the veteran tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system," | question: What did the veteran tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system," | question: What did the veteran tell CNN?, answer: "Sometimes, you get lost in the system,"
question: What did McCain call some of Obama's ideas?, answer: "reckless" | question: What did McCain call some of Obama's ideas?, answer: "reckless" | question: What did McCain call some of Obama's ideas?, answer: "reckless" | question: What did McCain call some of Obama's ideas?, answer: "reckless" | question: What did Obama call McCain's policies?, answer: "bombastic exaggerations and fear-mongering" in place of "strategy and analysis and smart policy." | question: What did McCain call some of Obama's ideas?, answer: "reckless"
question: What is the estimated number of American children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: What is the estimated number of children who have at least one parent who entered the United States illegally?, answer: 3 million | question: Who is Julie Quiroz?, answer: 13-year-old U.S. citizen,
question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: Buchenwald, | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: Buchenwald, | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: concentration | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: Buchenwald, | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: Buchenwald, | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: Buchenwald, | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: "the trail of blood," | question: What is the name of the camp?, answer: "the trail of blood,"
question: What does the uniformed valet do?, answer: ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What is the name of the band?, answer: Kings of Leon | question: What does the uniformed valet do?, answer: ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What does the photo show?, answer: of the Kings hangs in a spot of honor: closest to the bar. | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: we've gathered in the lobby of the Sunset Marquis in West Hollywood, California. | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What does the uniform say about the group?, answer: "We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel, and the valet ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: "We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel, and the valet came with the floor," | question: What does the uniform say about the group?, answer: "We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel, and the valet ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: "We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel, and the valet came with the floor," | question: What does the uniform say about Kings of Leon?, answer: "We have a bunch of rooms at the hotel, and the valet ushers them in, one by one, offering each a flute of champagne -- which Caleb Followill, the singer, and Nathan Followill, the drummer, politely accept.
question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: the system works and promise a smooth Election Day. | question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: the system works and promise a smooth Election Day. | question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: the system works and promise a smooth Election Day. | question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: a paper ballot that is scanned by an optical reading device. | question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: the system works and promise a smooth Election Day. | question: What does the county officials say works?, answer: the system works and promise a smooth Election Day. | question: What does the county officials say?, answer: "Never again!" | question: What does the county officials say?, answer: "We could have had nice, reliable computers counting and giving all of us an honest count,"
question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: Who is Andrea Ivory?, answer: Breast cancer survivor | question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: What are the volunteers armed with?, answer: clipboards, leaflets and high spirits, | question: What is the motto of the group?, answer: "Early detection is the best protection." | question: Who is Andrea Ivory?, answer: Breast cancer survivor
question: What has spurred economic growth in West Point?, answer: Korean car manufacturer Kia plans to open a sprawling automobile factory in tiny West Point, Georgia, by the end of the year. | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: Kia | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Kia's Sorento sport utility vehicle, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Sorento sport utility vehicle, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Kia's Sorento sport utility vehicle, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Sorento sport utility vehicle, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Kia's Sorento sport utility vehicle, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, | question: Who hired 500 workers?, answer: The plant, which will make Kia's Sorento sport utility vehicle,
question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: lingers. | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: Al Qaeda has been on the defensive in recent years, | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: lingers. | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: Al Qaeda has been on the defensive in recent years, | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The hot wind swirls around the human bones and cracked skulls | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The hot wind swirls around the human bones and cracked skulls | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The hot wind swirls around the human bones and cracked skulls | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The hot wind swirls around the human bones and cracked skulls | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay | question: What is the stench of decay?, answer: The stench of decay still lingers.
question: What did the general say about Poland?, answer: they are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation. | question: What did the general say about Poland?, answer: troops remind Afghan locals of two things about the mission: They are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation. | question: What did the general say about Poland?, answer: troops remind Afghan locals of two things about the mission: They are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation. | question: What did the Polish prime minister call it?, answer: war against humanity itself. | question: What did the general say about Poland?, answer: they are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation.
question: What did the police say?, answer: The standoff began around 1:30 p.m., after a call of a hit-and-run accident near the bank. | question: What did the police Deputy Chief say?, answer: The suspect grabbed the officer from behind, held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun, | question: What did the police Deputy Chief say?, answer: A gunman who took a dozen hostages in a suburban Chicago bank after wresting a gun from a police officer Friday died after shooting himself in the head. | question: What did the Deputy Chief say?, answer: The suspect grabbed the officer from behind, held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun, | question: What did the Deputy Chief say?, answer: The suspect grabbed the officer from behind, held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun, | question: What did the Deputy Chief say?, answer: The suspect grabbed the officer from behind, held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun, | question: What did the Deputy Chief say?, answer: The suspect grabbed the officer from behind, held a knife to his throat and demanded his gun,
question: What does the FDA do not know whether these drugs are unsafe?, answer: does not know whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA do not know about these drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA do not know about these drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA not know about these drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA not know about these drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA not know about these drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, it has not approved them so cannot certify that the products are 100 percent safe and effective. | question: What does the FDA not know about drugs?, answer: whether these drugs are unsafe, ineffective, inappropriately labeled, or of poor quality?, answer: not
question: Who is being held without bail?, answer: Scott Roeder, | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: he was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: he was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely gathered at his Wichita clinic, Women's Health Care Services. | question: What did the associates say about Scott Roeder?, answer: was a regular among the anti-abortion protesters who routinely 
question: What did Roeder's ex-wife say about her husband?, answer: believed killing an abortion provider "is justifiable," and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder. | question: What did Lindsey Roeder say about her husband?, answer: her ex-husband believed killing an abortion provider "is justifiable," and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder. | question: What did Roeder believe?, answer: killing an abortion provider "is justifiable," and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder. | question: What did Lindsey Roeder say about her husband?, answer: her ex-husband believed killing an abortion provider "is justifiable," and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder. | question: What did Lindsey Roeder say about Roeder?, answer: her ex-husband believed killing an abortion provider "is justifiable," and described him as self-righteous and someone who may be capable of murder.
question: Who is Scott Roeder?, answer: charged in the death of Kansas doctor George Tiller, | question: What did Tiller's family say?, answer: the clinic he headed will permanently close, effective immediately, and they would issue no more statements. | question: What did Tiller's family say?, answer: the clinic he headed will permanently close, effective immediately, and they would issue no more statements. | question: What did Tiller's family say?, answer: the clinic he headed will permanently close, effective immediately, and they would issue no more statements. | question: What did the family say about the closure?, answer: "no more slicing and dicing of the unborn child in the mother's womb and no more needles of poison into the baby's heart to stop the heart from beating, and no more partial-birth abortions." | question: Who is Scott Roeder?, answer: charged in the death of Kansas doctor George Tiller,
question: What did the woman say about the drugs?, answer: "Absolutely," | question: What did the DEA spokesman say?, answer: The abuse of pharmaceuticals "is one of the biggest drug problems we are dealing with," | question: What did the woman say?, answer: The drugs were purchased online without a doctor's visit. | question: What did the woman say about the drugs?, answer: "Absolutely," | question: What did the woman say about the drugs?, answer: "Absolutely," | question: What did the DEA spokesman say about drug abuse?, answer: "is one of the biggest drug problems we are dealing with," | question: What did the woman say about the drugs?, answer: "Absolutely,"
question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say about the victims?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question: What did the interior minister say?, answer: "They were completely taken by surprise. Some of the victims still had their pens in their hands." | question:
question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question: What did the girl say?, answer: "Suddenly there were police standing in front of me and told us to run outside quickly," | question
question: Who was a down-on-his-luck cowboy before winning a $232 million Powerball jackpot?, answer: Neal Wanless, | question: What did neighbors and former teachers worry about?, answer: that he might be easily separated from his new-found money, although he doesn't seem to be around to give any of it away. | question: What was the prize?, answer: $232 million Powerball | question: What did neighbors and former teachers say?, answer: worry that he might be easily separated from his new-found money, although he doesn't seem to be around to give any of it away. | question: What did neighbors worry about?, answer: that he might be easily separated from his new-found money, although he doesn't seem to be around to give any of it away. | question: What did the teacher say about Wanless?, answer: "I just hope he doesn't get inundated," | question: What did the yearbook tell?, answer: the tale of a hat-wearing rancher who was one of a few white students in a school filled with Native Americans -- Lakota Sioux from the Rosebud Indian Reservation. | question: What did the teacher say about Wanless?, answer: "I just hope he doesn't get inundated,"
question: What is Andrew Busskohl charged with?, answer: two felony counts relating to a break-in attempt. | question: What is he charged with?, answer: murder plot that involved cutting out the victim's heart or slicing off his eyelids. | question: What is Andrew Busskohl charged with?, answer: two felony counts relating to a break-in attempt. | question: What is he charged with?, answer: murder plot that involved cutting out the victim's heart or slicing off his eyelids. | question: What is the age of Andrew Busskohl?, answer: 18,
question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they have suffered enough and the government's accusation is "insulting." | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they have suffered enough and the government's accusation is "insulting." | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they have suffered enough and the government's accusation is "insulting." | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they have suffered enough and the government's accusation is "insulting." | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They just wanted their children to be well again. | question: What did the villagers say?, answer: they were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect. They were not even familiar with the religious sect.
question: What does Romney's plan draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What does Romney's plan draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What does Romney's plan draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What does Romney's plan draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What does Obama law call for?, answer: nearly a trillion dollars in increased taxes and cuts in projected Medicare spending over 10 years. | question: What does the Obama law call for?, answer: nearly a trillion dollars in increased taxes and cuts in projected Medicare spending over 10 years. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did Romney and Obama use to lower the number of uninsured?, answer: private, employer-sponsored insurance in which all but the smallest employers had to provide insurance to their workers or pay a penalty. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did Romney and Obama use to lower the number of uninsured?, answer: private, employer-sponsored insurance | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did Romney and Obama use to lower the number of uninsured?, answer: private, employer-sponsored insurance in which all but the smallest employers had to provide insurance to their workers or pay a penalty. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: legislation offered by President Nixon in January 1974. | question: What did Romney and Obama use to lower the number of uninsured?, answer: private, employer-sponsored insurance | question: What did both plans draw heavily from?, answer: private, employer-sponsored insurance in which all but the smallest employers had to provide insurance to their
question: What happened to Daniel's eye socket?, answer: shattered by a player's football helmet. | question: What did Daniel say after the game?, answer: he was intentionally targeted by the other team. | question: What did Daniel say after the game?, answer: "It was like if you had crushed up cornflakes, that's what all this bone looked like," | question: What did Daniel say after the game?, answer: "It only took one to get the brawl started. Someone did not make the right decision," | question: What did Daniel say after the game?, answer: "It only took one to get the brawl started. Someone did not make the right decision,"
question: What are protests over?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints. | question: What are protests about?, answer: a decision to bury the late president and his wife in a crypt previously reserved for monarchs and saints.
question: When did the crash happen?, answer: Russia, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: President Barack Obama will attend the state funeral, | question: What did the White House announce?, answer: The president will travel to Krakow to express the depth of our condolences to an important and trusted ally, and our support for the Polish people, on behalf of the American people,"
question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia | question: Where did the plane crash?, answer: Russia
question: Who is accused of supporting anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi, | question: Who is accused of supporting anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi, | question: Who is accused of supporting anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi, | question: Who is accused of supporting anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi, | question: What is Taghavi accused of?, answer: supporting an anti-regime group. | question: Who is accused of supporting an anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi, | question: Who is accused of supporting an anti-regime group?, answer: Reza Taghavi,
question: What did Desiree Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Desiree Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did the Obamas say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach. | question: What did Rogers say about her decision?, answer: she was leaving voluntarily and that her decision was unrelated to the fallout over the security breach.
question: How many men were arrested?, answer: Five | question: What did the FBI say?, answer: it said Pakistani authorities detained the men | question: What did the FBI say?, answer: they are the missing individuals," | question: How many men were arrested?, answer: Five | question: What did the FBI say?, answer: they are confident the men were planning terrorist acts, | question: What did the FBI say?, answer: it is not giving further details and did not identify the men. | question: Where were the men arrested?, answer: Sargodha,
question: What did Palin rip?, answer: abortion rights opponents in the Democratic Party who "promised to hold firm" during the health care debate, but ultimately backed "the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House." | question: Who founded "Team Sarah"?, answer: Susan B. Anthony List | question: What did Palin rip abortion opponents in the Democratic party who "promised to hold firm" during the health care debate, but ultimately backed "the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House." | question: Who founded "Team Sarah?, answer: Susan B. Anthony List | question: Who founded "Team Sarah"?, answer: Susan B. Anthony List | question: Who founded "Team Sarah?, answer: Susan B. Anthony List," | question: What did Palin rip abortion opponents in?, answer: Democratic Party | question: What did Palin rip abortion opponents in?, answer: Democratic Party | question: What did Palin rip?, answer: abortion rights opponents in the Democratic Party who "promised to hold firm" during the health care debate, but ultimately backed "the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House." | question: What was Palin ripping?, answer: abortion rights opponents in the Democratic Party who "promised to hold firm" during the health care debate, but ultimately backed "the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House." | question: What did Palin rip?, answer: abortion rights opponents in the Democratic Party | question: What did Palin rip?, answer: abortion opponents in the Democratic Party who "promised to hold firm" during the health care debate, but ultimately backed "the most pro-abortion president who ever occupied the White House."
question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio and two in California | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio and two in California | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio | question: Where are the teams from?, answer: Texas, Ohio and two in California
question: Where was the flight coming from?, answer: Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington, Virginia, | question: Where did the plane fail to stop?, answer: Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in Arlington, Virginia, | question: How many people were taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one | question: What is the number of people taken to hospitals?, answer: Ninety-one
question: What will Tai Shan join?, answer: Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. | question: What will Tai Shan join?, answer: Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. | question: What will Tai Shan join?, answer: Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. | question: What will Tai Shan join?, answer: Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. | question: What is Tai Shan's age?, answer: 412 years old, | question: What is Tai Shan's age?, answer: 412 years old, | question: What will Tai Shan join?, answer: Mei Lan - a 3-year-old panda born at Zoo Atlanta in Georgia. | question: What age is Tai Shan?, answer: 412 years old, | question: What is Tai Shan's age?, answer: 412 years old,
question: What is the cost of the female condoms?, answer: $500,000 | question: What is the cost of the female condoms?, answer: $500,000 | question: Where can the women leave the salon?, answer: with free female condoms tucked into their purses. | question: What is the cost of the female condoms?, answer: $500,000 | question: What is the cost of the female condoms?, answer: $500,000 | question: Where can the women leave the salon?, answer: with free female condoms tucked into their purses. | question: What is the cost of the female condoms?, answer: $500,000
question: what did obama say, answer: he was "entirely dissatisfied" with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends. | question: what did obama say, answer: he was "entirely dissatisfied" with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends. | question: what did obama say, answer: he was "entirely dissatisfied" with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends. | question: what did obama say, answer: he was "entirely dissatisfied" with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends. | question: what did obama say, answer: he was "entirely dissatisfied" with the high unemployment rate still facing Americans as the economic recession ends.
question: How many Americans a year are victims of identity theft?, answer: Ten million | question: What is a growing problem in the United States?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem?, answer: identity theft. | question: What is a growing problem in the US?, answer: identity theft.
question: What did the letter say?, answer: "Not only did you not comply with... [air traffic controller] instructions, you did not even monitor the aircraft's air-ground radios," | question: What did the letter say?, answer: the pilots were "extremely reckless." | question: What did the letter say?, answer: the pilots were "extremely reckless." | question: What did the letter say?, answer: "Not only did you not comply with... [air traffic controller] instructions, you did not even monitor the aircraft's air-ground radios," | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: they were "extremely reckless." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: they endangered the public by flying an hour and half without contacting controllers "while you were on a frolic of your own." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: "extremely reckless." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: endangered the public by flying an hour and half without contacting controllers "while you were on a frolic of your own." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: endangered the public by flying an hour and half without contacting controllers "while you were on a frolic of your own." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: "extremely reckless." | question: What did the letter say about the pilots?, answer: endangered the public by flying an hour and half without contacting controllers "while you were on a frolic of your own."
question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the White House press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs | question: Who is the press secretary?, answer: Robert Gibbs
question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours, | question: Where should U.S. citizens avoid?, answer: isolated locations during late night and early morning hours,
question: What did the attorney general say?, answer: "The evidence that we have now developed shows the Pakistani Taliban helped facilitate it, we know they helped direct it, and I suspect we're going to come up with evidence that shows they helped to finance it," | question: Who is closely allied with al Qaeda?, answer: Pakistani Taliban | question: Who is closely allied with al Qaeda?, answer: Pakistani Taliban | question: Who is closely allied with al Qaeda?, answer: Pakistani Taliban | question: Who is closely allied with al Qaeda?, answer: Pakistani Taliban
question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd | question: Who is the longest serving member of Congress?, answer: Robert Byrd
question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: swampy banks of the Potomac, | question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: swampy banks of the Potomac, | question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: swampy banks of the Potomac, | question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: swampy banks of the Potomac, | question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: on the swampy banks of the Potomac, | question: Where was the capital sited?, answer: swampy banks of the Potomac,
question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: What will likely be tried?, answer: A "top kill" method | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site of the leak?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site of the leak?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site of the leak?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped into the site of the leak?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the density of water | question: How much fluid will be pumped?, answer: twice the
question: When did Kalymon immigrate to America?, answer: 1949 | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did John Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did John Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did John Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did John Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did John Kalymon become a U.S. citizen?, answer: 1955. | question: When did
question: What is bigger than estimated?, answer: the underwater gusher | question: What could be closed off in a matter of days?, answer: gusher of oil pouring from its damaged Gulf of Mexico well | question: What is bigger than estimated?, answer: the underwater gusher | question: What is bigger than estimated?, answer: the underwater gusher | question: What did BP Managing Director say?, answer: the company will pump fluids into the well this weekend in the beginning of a process that -- if successful -- could lead to the leak finally being closed off | question: What is bigger than estimated?, answer: the underwater gusher | question: What did the BP Managing Director say?, answer: the well will pump fluids into the well this weekend in the beginning of a process that -- if successful -- could lead to the leak finally being closed off in a matter of days. | question: What did BP spokesman say?, answer: the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date, | question: What did the BP spokesman say?, answer: the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date, | question: What did the BP spokesman say?, answer: the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date, | question: What did the BP spokesman say?, answer: the underwater gusher is bigger than estimated to date,
question: Who voted in favor of issuing the subpoenas?, answer: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on oversight and investigations | question: What did the House panel vote on?, answer: subpoena the White House for documents related to the solar energy company Solyndra. | question: Who voted along party lines?, answer: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on oversight and investigations | question: Who voted in favor of issuing the subpoenas?, answer: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on oversight and investigations | question: Who voted along party lines?, answer: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on oversight and investigations | question: Who voted in favor of issuing the subpoenas?, answer: The House Energy and Commerce Committee's subcommittee on oversight and investigations
question: What did Newt Gingrich say about immigration?, answer: "I don't see how the party that says it's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families which have been here a quarter-century," | question: What did Newt Gingrich say about immigration?, answer: "I don't see how the party that says it's the party of the family is going to adopt an immigration policy which destroys families which have been here a quarter-century," | question: What did Romney say about Amnesty?, answer: "Amnesty is a magnet," | question: What did Romney say about Amnesty?, answer: "Amnesty is a magnet," | question: What did Romney say about Amnesty?, answer: "Amnesty is a magnet," | question: What did Romney say about Amnesty?, answer: "Amnesty is a magnet," | question: What did Romney say about Amnesty?, answer: "Amnesty is a magnet,"
question: When did Hoh resign?, answer: September 10 | question: What did he call a "cavalier, politically expedient and Pollyannaish misadventure"?, answer: "Some guys who just separated from the service," | question: What did Hoh say?, answer: "I have received many many e-mails from active-duty military and some guys who just separated from the service," | question: What did Hoh say?, answer: "I fail to see the value in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is, truly, a 35-year-old civil war." | question: What did Hoh say?, answer: "I fail to see the value in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is, truly, a 35-year-old civil war." | question: What did Hoh say?, answer: "I fail to see the value in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is, truly, a 35-year-old civil war." | question: What did Hoh say?, answer: "I fail to see the value in continued U.S. casualties or expenditures of resources in support of the Afghan government in what is, truly, a 35-year-old civil war."
question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protestors," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protestors," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protestors," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protestors," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protesters," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies in order to silence, intimidate and potentially harm the protesters," | question: What was Soueid charged with?, answer: conspiring to collect video and audio recordings and other information about people "in the United States and Syria who were protesting the government of Syria and to provide these materials to Syrian intelligence agencies
question: Who was honored for valor after combat outpost in Afghanistan was attacked?, answer: U.S. Army Capt. Matthew Myer | question: Who was honored for valor after combat outpost in Afghanistan was attacked?, answer: U.S. Army Capt. Matthew Myer | question: What did Myer do?, answer: received a letter of reprimand for failing to secure the base before the attack, | question: What did Myer do?, answer: called in aircraft to beat back the fighters, | question: What did Myer do for failing to secure the base before the attack?, answer: failed to secure the base
question: What did the defense agency say?, answer: The X-band radar sits atop a modified floating oil platform and provides information about incoming missiles so military officials can launch a response. | question: What did the defense agency say?, answer: A U.S. missile defense test failed Sunday when a long-range missile missed its target because of radar problems. | question: What did the defense agency say?, answer: "Both the target missile and ground-based interceptor performed nominally after launch. However, the sea-based X-band radar did not perform as expected," | question: What did the defense agency say?, answer: The X-band radar sits atop a modified floating oil platform and provides information about incoming missiles so military officials can launch a response. | question: What did the Defense Department say?, answer: a target missile was launched from an Army test site at Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands at 7:40 p.m. Six minutes later, a second missile was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, to find the first one and destroy it. | question: What problem did the missile have?, answer: a problem in the sea-based X-band radar, | question: What did officials say?, answer: "Both the target missile and ground-based interceptor performed nominally after launch. However, the sea-based X-band radar did not perform as expected,"
question: What did Leicester Stovell allege?, answer: the athlete and his family have been involved in a cover-up to deny paternity by committing fraud and misrepresentation. | question: What does Leicester Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's father. | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's | question: What does Stovell want?, answer: "a carefully structured and secure DNA test" to prove he's the NBA all-star's
question: What did Hasan's family say?, answer: tried unsuccessfully to leave the military early | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: wanted a wife who would stand by him, is [a] loyal American, who will help him do his work and his service for the U.S. military." | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: he wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: he wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: he wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did Hasan do?, answer: opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post on November 5, killing 13 people. | question: What did Hasan do?, answer: opened fire at a military processing center at Fort Hood Army Post | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: wanted someone to help him serve, deploy and be understandable and understanding of his own military career," | question: What did the imam say about Hasan?, answer: "He saw himself as someone... continuing his service with the U.S. military till the end of his career,"
question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question: How many pandas are on loan from China?, answer: 13 | question
question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the Air Force investigating?, answer: claims the | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of hundreds of fallen U.S. military personnel | question: What is the panel investigating?, answer: claims the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary mishandled the remains of what?, answer: "serious misconduct" and "gross mismanagement" in the handling of remains at the base. | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid, | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid, | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid, | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid, | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid, | question: Who is chairing the panel?, answer: retired Gen. John Abizaid,
question: What did the Secret Service say?, answer: established protocols were not followed at a security checkpoint, | question: Who was smiling next to the president?, answer: Tareq, | question: What did the White House say about the Salahis?, answer: were not invited, | question: Who was smiling next to the president?, answer: Manmohan Singh, | question: What did the Secret Service say?, answer: "The Service is deeply concerned and embarrassed by the circumstances surrounding the State Dinner on Tuesday," | question: What did the White House say about the Salahis?, answer: were not invited, | question: Who was smiling next to the president?, answer: Manmohan Singh, | question: What did the Secret Service say?, answer: "The Service is deeply concerned and embarrassed by the circumstances surrounding the circumstances surrounding the State Dinner on Tuesday,"
question: What was fired into Gdynia?, answer: machine gun | question: What was used to defend the ship in close combat?, answer: The gun, | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into Gdynia?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into Gdynia?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into Gdynia?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into the town?, answer: No injuries or damage were reported?, answer: no injuries or damage | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into Gdynia?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired from an M240 machine gun into the town?, answer: Three | question: How many rounds were fired into the town?, answer: No injuries or damage were reported?, answer: no injuries | question: How many rounds were fired?, answer:
question: What did the Health and Human Services secretary say?, answer: "My message to women is simple. Mammograms have always been an important life-saving tool in the fight against breast cancer, and they still are today," | question: What did the Health and Human Services secretary say?, answer: A federal advisory board's recommendation that women in their 40s should avoid routine mammograms is not government policy and has caused "a great deal of confusion," | question: What did the Health and Human Services secretary say?, answer: "My message to women is simple. Mammograms have always been an important life-saving tool in the fight against breast cancer, and they still are today,"
question: What did the workers allege?, answer: women were paid less than, and were given fewer opportunities for promotion than, their male counterparts. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mart employees can band together in their claims of discrimination, | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether more than a million current and former Wal-Mar
question: What did the court affirm?, answer: the conviction and life sentence for convicted terrorist and 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui. | question: What did the court affirm?, answer: the conviction and life sentence for convicted terrorist and 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui. | question: What did the court affirm?, answer: the conviction and life sentence for convicted terrorist and 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui. | question: What did the court affirm?, answer: the conviction and life sentence for convicted terrorist and 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui. | question: What did the court affirm?, answer: the conviction and life sentence for convicted terrorist and 9/11 co-conspirator Zacarias Moussaoui.
question: What does the judge accept?, answer: the government's claim and a transcript and allowed the eight-minute recording to be played. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette plead not guilty to?, answer: attempted espionage | question: What did he negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did he negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did he negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did he negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to a country with no extradition policy with the United States. | question: What did Stewart David Nozette negotiate for?, answer: a false passport and a means to get to
question: What did the trial end in?, answer: jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity. | question: What did Hinckley's lawyers say?, answer: he is not dangerous and should eventually be released. | question: What did the trial end in?, answer: jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity. | question: What did Hinckley's lawyers say?, answer: he is not dangerous and should eventually be released. | question: What did the trial end in?, answer: jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity. | question: What did the trial end in?, answer: jury verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity.
question: How many people were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many people were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many people were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 people. | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question: How many were killed?, answer: 13 | question:
question: What was he convicted of?, answer: 1999 murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas, Virginia, family home. | question: What was he convicted of?, answer: 1999 murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas, Virginia, family home. | question: What was he convicted of?, answer: murder of Stacie Reed and the rape of her 14-year-old sister in their Manassas, Virginia, family home. | question: What did prosecutors not prove?, answer: other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old girl | question: What did the prosecutors not prove?, answer: other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old | question: What did the prosecutors not prove?, answer: other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old girl | question: What did prosecutors not prove?, answer: not proven other necessary death-eligible offenses were committed against the 16-year-old girl
question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: What is legal in the D.C?, answer: same-sex marriage | question: What is legal in the D.C?, answer: same-sex marriage | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years | question: How long have they been together?, answer: 12 years
question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: "vapor wake" | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives in the air?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives in the air?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dogs can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake | question: What type of dog can detect explosives?, answer: vapor wake
question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: the United States recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: What did the Committee recommend?, answer: recognize the 1915 killings of ethnic Armenians in Ottoman Turkey as genocide | question: Who is considered a strong ally?, answer: Turkey
question: What does the document restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What does the document restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What does the document restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What does the document restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What does the directive also restrict?, answer: troops to use Afghan troops at night "whenever possible" to knock on doors of residences and compounds, and to use them if forcible action is required for entry, | question: What does the directive restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What does the directive restrict?, answer: nighttime raids of Afghan homes and compounds, | question: What is the name of the top NATO commander?, answer: Gen. Stanley McChrystal,
question: What is due Thursday?, answer: report by the Government Accountability Office | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday, | question: Who is the Rep. John Mica?, answer: U.S. Rep. | question: When is the report due?, answer: Thursday,
question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter. | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter. | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter. | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter. | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: The men were arrested amid suspicion that they were plotting terrorist attacks and planned to go to Afghanistan, | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter. | question: What did the attorney say?, answer: he believes the incident is isolated, but said the mosque is conducting an inquiry into the matter.
question: Who is accusing the SEALs of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: three Navy SEALs | question: Who is accusing the SEAL of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: Dana Rohrabacher, R-California; Rep. Dan Burton, R-Indiana; and Rep. Louie Gohmert, | question: Who is accusing the SEAL of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: three Navy SEALs | question: Who is accusing the Iraqi of murder?, answer: Dana Rohrabacher, R-California; Rep. Dan Burton, R-Indiana; and Rep. Louie Gohmert, | question: Who is accusing of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: three Navy SEALs | question: Who is accusing of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: Dana Rohrabacher, R-California; Rep. Dan Burton, R-Indiana; and Rep. Louie Gohmert, | question: Who is accusing of assaulting an Iraqi?, answer: three Navy SEALs
question: How many troops will be cut?, answer: 1,200 | question: When will the drawdown begin?, answer: January | question: What is possible because of a jump in the number of Border Patrol officers?, answer: change in the number of Border Patrol officers in the region, an increase in technology and a drop in apprehensions at the border. | question: How many troops will be cut?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many lawmakers criticized the move?, answer: several | question: How many lawmakers said the change is possible?, answer: a jump in the number of Border Patrol officers in the region, an increase in technology and a drop in apprehensions at the border. | question: How many troops will be cut?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many lawmakers criticized the move?, answer: several | question: How many lawmakers said the change is possible?, answer: a jump in the number of Border Patrol officers in the region, an increase in technology and a drop in apprehensions at the border. | question: How many lawmakers criticized the move?, answer: several | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200 | question: How many Border Patrol officers are there?, answer: 1,200
question: What percent of blacks approve of Obama's job?, answer: Nine in 10 | question: What percent of blacks approve of Obama's job?, answer: nine in 10 | question: What percent of blacks approve of Obama's job?, answer: nine in 10 | question: What percent of blacks approve of Obama's job?, answer: nine in 10 | question: What percent of blacks approve of Obama's job?, answer: nine in 10 | question: What percent of blacks are thrilled about Obama's job?, answer: 42 percent | question: What percentage of blacks are thrilled about Obama's job?, answer: 42 percent | question: What percentage of blacks are thrilled about Obama's job?, answer: 42 percent
question: What did Lt. Col. Ken Bourland say?, answer: he had settled into his hotel room. Ten minutes later, Peggy Bourland and the couple's three sons began watching television back in their suburban Fort Lauderdale, Florida, home. | question: What did Lt. Col. Ken Bourland say?, answer: he had settled into his hotel room. | question: What was the date of the trip?, answer: January 12, | question: What did Lt. Col. Ken Bourland hug his wife?, answer: goodbye | question: What was the date of the trip?, answer: January 12, | question: Who hugged Peggy Bourland?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland | question: Who hugged Peggy Bourland?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland | question: Who hugged Peggy Bourland?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland | question: Who hugged Peggy?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland | question: Who hugged Peggy?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland | question: Who hugged Peggy?, answer: Lt. Col. Ken Bourland
question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: When did the law go into effect?, answer: September 29, | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million | question: What is the number of immigrants that call the US home?, answer: 40 million
question: What did the White House say about Haig?, answer: Haig "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service." | question: What did the White House say about Haig?, answer: Haig "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service." | question: What did the White House say about Haig?, answer: Haig "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service." | question: What was Haig criticized for?, answer: his much-criticized remark on television after the president was shot and wounded by John Hinckley in March 1981. | question: What did the White House say Haig did?, answer: "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service." | question: What did the White House say Haig did?, answer: "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service." | question: What did the White House say Haig did?, answer: "exemplified our finest warrior-diplomat tradition of those who dedicate their lives to public service."
question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: punished him by withholding food, | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: punished him by withholding food, despite the abuse he had suffered as a young child. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him in front of his classmates. He died minutes later | question: What did the teacher do?, answer: put him in a face down restraint and sat on him
question: What does the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing. | question: What did the poll show?, answer: 51 percent of the public consider China a military threat, with 47 percent disagreeing.
question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: Eighty-six percent | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 81 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 86 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 86 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 86 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 86 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 81 | question: How many people questioned say that the system of government is broken?, answer: 8y-six | question: How many percent say that the system of government is broken?, answer:
question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: Where did the train travel from?, answer: New York to Washington | question: What was cleared for reduced speed service?, answer: one out of four railroad tracks between Washington and Maryland had | question: What was cleared for reduced speed service?, answer: one out of four railroad tracks between Washington and Maryland had
question: What did the Justice Department say?, answer: An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, | question: What did the Justice Department say?, answer: An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, | question: What did the Justice Department say?, answer: Paul Schlesselman of West Helena, Arkansas, faces 10 years in prison under a plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors in Tennessee. | question: What did the Justice Department say?, answer: An Arkansas man has pleaded guilty to plotting to kill several African-Americans in 2008, including then-presidential candidate Barack Obama, | question: What did the Justice Department say?, answer: Paul Schlesselman of West Helena, Arkansas, faces 10 years in prison under a plea agreement reached with federal prosecutors in Tennessee.
question: What was Oscar Ortega-Hernandez accused of?, answer: trying to assassinate President Barack Obama by shooting at the White House | question: What did he plead not guilty to?, answer: attempted to assassinate President Barack Obama by shooting at the White House | question: What did he plead not guilty to?, answer: attempted to assassinate President Barack Obama | question: What did he plead not guilty to?, answer: attempted to assassinate President Barack Obama by shooting at the White House | question: What did he plead not guilty to?, answer: not guilty, | question: What did he plead not guilty to?, answer: not guilty,
question: Where did the aircraft pass?, answer: Gulf of Oman in the northern Arabian Sea, | question: Where did the aircraft pass?, answer: Gulf of Oman in the northern Arabian Sea, | question: What is the name of the ship?, answer: USS Eisenhower, | question: What is the name of the ship?, answer: USS Eisenhower, | question: Where did the aircraft pass?, answer: Gulf of Oman in the northern Arabian Sea, | question: Where did the aircraft pass?, answer: the USS Eisenhower, | question: What is the name of the ship?, answer: USS Eisenhower, | question: What is the name of the ship?, answer: USS Eisenhower,
question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out" | question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out" | question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out" | question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out" | question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out" | question: What did the flight attendants do?, answer: shouted "everyone get out"
question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14 | question: How many experts are there?, answer: 14
question: How much snow fell on Washington's Dulles International Airport over two days?, answer: 32.4 inches | question: How many inches of snow fell on Washington's Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many flights were canceled?, answer: Hundreds | question: How many flights were canceled?, answer: Hundreds | question: How many flights were canceled?, answer: Hundreds | question: How many inches of snow were predicted for Virginia, eastern Maryland and Washington?, answer: 10 to 20 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Washington's Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4 | question: How many inches of snow fell on Dulles International Airport last weekend?, answer: 32.4
question: What did the aides say about Obama?, answer: was given a local anesthetic while receiving the stitches, and doctors used a smaller-than-usual filament. That increased the number of stitches needed to patch up the tear, but it made a tighter stitch so that the scar on the president's lower lip should be smaller. | question: What did the aides say?, answer: Obama was given a local anesthetic while receiving the stitches, and doctors used a smaller-than-usual filament. That increased the number of stitches needed to patch up the tear, but it made a smaller-than-usual filament. | question: What did the aides say about Obama?, answer: was given a local anesthetic while receiving the stitches, and doctors used a smaller-than-usual filament. That increased the number of stitches needed to patch up the tear, but it made a smaller-than-usual filament. | question: What did the aides say about Obama?, answer: was given a local anesthetic while receiving the stitches, and doctors used a smaller-than-usual filament. That increased the number of stitches needed to patch up the tear, but it made a smaller-than-usual filament.
question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident. | question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident. | question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated | question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction | question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated for a crime or possible legal infraction if there is reasonable suspicion the person is an illegal resident. | question: What does the law allow?, answer: police officers to check the residency status of anyone who is being investigated
question: What did the Secretary of the Army order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery | question: What did the Army Secretary order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery | question: What did the Army Secretary order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery | question: What did the Army Secretary order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery | question: What did the Army Secretary order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery | question: What did the cemetery Secretary order?, answer: a new investigation into poor record keeping and other problems at Arlington National Cemetery
question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military personnel who took part in the NATO-led military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did Obama praise?, answer: the efforts of U.S. military mission that launched thousands of airstrikes in support of Libya's rebel forces. | question: What did
question: When will Diane Wood turn 60?, answer: July | question: Who is among the most respected federal judges on the left?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: When will Diane Wood turn 60?, answer: July | question: Who is one of the most respected federal judges?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: Who is one of the most respected federal judges?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: Who is one of the most respected federal judges on the left?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: Who is Diane Wood?, answer: one of the most respected federal judges on the left," | question: Who is one of the most respected federal judges on the left?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: Who is one of the most respected federal judges on the left?, answer: Diane Wood, | question: Who is Diane Wood?, answer: one of the most respected federal judges on the left,"
question: When was the Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial dedicated?, answer: Sunday, | question: When was the Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial dedicated?, answer: Sunday, | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: When was the Martin Luther King Jr. National Memorial dedicated?, answer: Sunday, | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: can often be a slow and painful process. | question: What did Obama say about progress?, answer: is purchased through enduring the smack of billy clubs and the blast of fire hoses. It was bought with days in jail cells and nights of bomb threats."
question: What is Iraq trying to diversify?, answer: financial, medical, agricultural, educational and infrastructure services | question: What does Iraq want to do?, answer: to see a much greater presence of U.S. companies in his country to help spur greater spending and investment on the country's infrastructure | question: What does Iraq want to do?, answer: to see a much greater presence of U.S. companies in his country to help spur greater spending and investment on the country's infrastructure | question: What does Iraq want to do?, answer: to see a much greater presence of U.S. companies in his country to help spur greater spending and investment on the country's infrastructure | question: What does Iraq want to do?, answer: to better the lives of Iraqis and create more U.S. jobs in the process. | question: What does Iraq want to do?, answer: to see a much greater presence of U.S. companies in his country to help spur greater spending and investment on the country's infrastructure | question: What is the goal of the Iraqi economy?, answer: diversify from an energy-dominated economy, to one that focuses on financial, medical, agricultural, educational and infrastructure services as well.
question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percent of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 | question: What percentage of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 percent | question: What percentage of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 percent | question: What percentage of net new jobs have small companies generated?, answer: 64 percent
question: What did I use social media for?, answer: is a great way to get my message across. | question: Who is your worst nightmare?, answer: Republican Conference | question: Who is your worst nightmare?, answer: Republican Conference | question: What did I use social media for?, answer: to get my message across. | question: What did I use social media for?, answer: to get my message across. | question: What did I use social media for?, answer: to get my message across. | question: Who is your worst nightmare?, answer: Republican Conference
question: What did Congress get done?, answer: a lot more done in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s than in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s. | question: Who is the former House Speaker?, answer: Tip O'Neill | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Tip O'Neill | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Tip O'Neill | question: Who is the House Speaker?, answer: Tip O'Neill | question: Who got a lot more done in the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s than in the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s?, answer: Congress | question: What is the name of the House Speaker?, answer: Tip O'Neill
question: When did the station go on the air?, answer: December 2003, | question: What did the disc jockey say?, answer: "This is the radio station for our troops, and you know we are sad to see it go," | question: What did the disc jockey say?, answer: "This is the radio station for our troops, and you know we are sad to see it go," | question: What did the disc jockey say?, answer: "This is the radio station for our troops, and you know we are sad to see it go," | question: What did the disc jockey say?, answer: "This is the radio station for our troops, and you know we are sad to see it go," | question: What did the disc jockey say?, answer: "This is the radio station for our troops, and you know we are sad to see it go,"
question: What did the odor smell like?, answer: sulfur or natural gas, | question: What did the odor smell like?, answer: sulfur or natural gas, | question: What did the odor smell like?, answer: sulfur or natural gas, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer: an overheated battery system, | question: What sparked the odor?, answer:
question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers | question: Who wrote the memos?, answer: Bush administration lawyers
question: Who is the Justice John Paul Stevens?, answer: Justice John Paul Stevens, | question: What did the Justice John Paul Stevens announce?, answer: he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court's term ends in late June. | question: Who met with the four leading candidates?, answer: President Obama | question: What did Justice John Paul Stevens announce?, answer: he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court's term ends in late June. | question: What did Justice John Paul Stevens announce?, answer: he will retire shortly after the Supreme Court's term ends in late June.
question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt." | question: What did Obama call for?, answer: a new political climate of "common sense" approaches that invest in the American people without building "a mountain of debt."
question: What is expected of Afghanistan?, answer: an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of Afghanistan?, answer: an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of Afghanistan?, answer: an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of Afghanistan?, answer: an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: an increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of the surge?, answer: increase in violence in spring 2010 and a rise in "security incidents" in the summer. | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months of the troop increase | question: What is expected of officials?, answer: Turmoil within the Afghan government over the 18 months
question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: about 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: about 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: about 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: about 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: about 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were lost?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were lost?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were lost?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were lost?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were lost?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were recovered?, answer: 22 million | question: How many e-mails were missing?, answer: 22 million | question:
question: What could change?, answer: push more oil from BP's Deepwater Horizon site into the Mississippi Delta region and areas west of the river, | question: What is the name of the governor?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What is the name of the governor?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What is the name of the governor?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What is the name of the governor?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What could change due to change?, answer: push more oil from BP's Deepwater Horizon site into the Mississippi Delta region and areas west of the river, | question: What is the name of the governor of Louisiana?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What is the name of the governor of Louisiana?, answer: Bobby Jindal, | question: What is the name of the governor of Louisiana?, answer: Bobby Jindal,
question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: gay men and lesbians in the military from revealing their sexual orientation, and prevents the military from asking about it. | question: What does the law prohibit?, answer: military members from acknowledging openly that they are gay.
question: What did the House Majority Leader say?, answer: More than 10 Democrats have reported trouble since the weekend vote, | question: What does John Boehner urge?, answer: opponents to demonstrate legally. | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: opponents to demonstrate legally. | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: opponents to demonstrate legally. | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: opponents to demonstrate legally. | question: What did John Boehner say?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign." | question: What did John Boehner urge?, answer: "If people are angry, they ought to register to vote and get involved in a campaign."
question: What did the subsidiary do?, answer: armed the employees despite having no permission to do so from the U.S. military. | question: What is Blackwater a subsidiary of?, answer: Xe, | question: What is Blackwater a subsidiary of?, answer: Xe, | question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: A subsidiary of Xe, is eligible to win Department of Defense work worth tens of millions of dollars to train Afghan police, | question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: A subsidiary of Xe, is eligible to win Department of Defense work worth tens of millions of dollars in new job orders for work in Afghanistan. | question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: A subsidiary of Xe, the new name for Blackwater, is eligible to win Department of Defense work worth tens of millions of dollars in new job orders
question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 51 | question: What percent say GOP policies are good for the country?, answer: 46 percent
question: What does the Algerian ambassador say?, answer: "There are concerns that this isn't in keeping with the travel ban restrictions," | question: What does the Algerian ambassador say?, answer: "We care, in terms of the fact that under U.N. Security Council Resolution 1970, the Gadhafi family was subject to a travel ban," | question: What does the Algerian ambassador say?, answer: "The wife of someone who has grievances with the international community is not necessarily subject to the same grievances." | question: What does the U.N. resolution allow?, answer: exceptions to the travel ban resolution: "Where the Gadhafi family should be held accountable," | question: What did the Algerian ambassador say?, answer: "The wife of someone who has grievances with the international community is not necessarily subject to the same grievances." | question: What does the U.N. resolution allow?, answer: exceptions to the travel ban resolution: "Where the Gadhafi family was subject to a travel ban,"
question: What is Obama's weakness?, answer: that, by all accounts, ought to be rock solid: the one held by African-American Democrats. | question: What is Obama's weakness?, answer: that, by all accounts, ought to be rock solid: the one held by African-American Democrats. | question: What does the poll show?, answer: black voters with a "strongly favorable" view of Obama dropped from 86% to 58% in just five months. | question: What does the poll show?, answer: black voters with a "strongly favorable" view of Obama dropped from 86% to 58% in just five months.
question: What did Democrats hail?, answer: Attorney General Eric Holder's decision to try the men in a civilian court as a demonstration of America's might and moral certainty, | question: What does the Republican senator question?, answer: why foreigners who allegedly are terrorists at war with the United States should be given full judicial rights of U.S. citizens. | question: What did Democrats hail Holder's decision to try the men in a civilian court?, answer: a demonstration of America's might and moral certainty, | question: What does the Republican senator question?, answer: why foreigners who allegedly are terrorists at war with the United States should be given full judicial rights of U.S. citizens.
question: What does the U.S. Coast Guard say?, answer: it has witnessed only normal maritime traffic around Haiti, and it has not intercepted any Haitians attempting illegal crossings into U.S. waters. Nor does it see people preparing for voyages. | question: What does the U.S. Coast Guard say?, answer: it has witnessed only normal maritime traffic around Haiti, and it has not intercepted any Haitians attempting illegal crossings into U.S. waters. Nor does it see people preparing for voyages. | question: What does the Coast Guard say?, answer: it has witnessed only normal maritime traffic around Haiti, and it has not intercepted any Haitians attempting illegal crossings into U.S. waters.
question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: they allegedly saw Babbitt driving on the wrong side of the road. | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, but they did not release the results of any blood-alcohol test. | question: What did Babbitt say he had done?, answer: submitted his resignation to his boss, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, and that LaHood had accepted it. | question: What did Babbitt say?, answer: he had submitted his resignation to his boss, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, and that LaHood had accepted it. | question: What did Babbitt say?, answer: he had submitted his resignation to his boss, Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood, and that LaHood had accepted it. | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, but they did not release the results of any blood-alcohol test. | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, but they did not release the results of any blood-alcohol test. | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, | question: What did the police say about Babbitt?, answer: failed a sobriety test, but they did not release the results of any blood-alcohol test.
question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties. | question: What is the issue?, answer: whether this is substantive discrimination or simple retaliation against a Michigan teacher, after she complained to government authorities over her treatment on the job. | question: Who was fired for narcolepsy?, answer: Cheryl Perich | question: Who was fired for narcolepsy?, answer: Cheryl Perich | question: What is the case about?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties. | question: What is the case about?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties. | question: What is the case about?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties. | question: What is the case about?, answer: whether the Americans with Disabilities Act applies to hiring and firing decisions involving "ministerial employees" like teachers who may have primarily secular job duties.
question: Who is believed to be hiding along the border?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: Who is believed to be hiding along the border?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: What is the name of the leader?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: Who is believed to be hiding along the border?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: What is the name of the leader?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: What is the name of the leader?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: Who is believed to be hiding along the border?, answer: Osama bin Laden | question: Who is the commander?, answer: Gen. Stanley McChrystal,
question: Where did Vilks appear?, answer: University of Uppsalla | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud. | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud. | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud. | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud. | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: street dogs with human faces, the face (Vilks said) of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. | question: What did Vilks submit drawings for?, answer: an exhibition sponsored by the town of Tallerud. | question: What did Vilks submit?, answer: three pencil sketches of street dogs with human faces, the face (Vilks said) of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad. | question: What did Vilks submit?, answer: three pencil sketches of street dogs with human faces, the face (Vilks said) of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad.
question: When will the flights resume?, answer: 11 a.m. Monday, | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the
question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been seen by U.S. personnel since the January 12 quake?, answer: Nearly 23,000 | question: How many people have been
question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of American history?, answer: the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth," | question: What is part of a rich tradition?, answer: the belief that politicians are not always telling the truth,"
question: What is the new rule?, answer: takes HIV infection out of the category of "communicable diseases of public health significance," | question: What is the new rule?, answer: takes HIV infection out of the category of "communicable diseases of public health significance," | question: What is the new rule?, answer: takes HIV infection out of the category of "communicable diseases of public health significance," | question: What is the new rule?, answer: takes HIV infection out of the category of "communicable diseases of public health significance,"
question: Who will meet with Haiti's president?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who will meet Haiti's president?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who will Clinton meet with?, answer: Haitian President Rene Preval and other members of the local government as well as aid workers, to discuss how to proceed with recovery operations. | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Bill Clinton | question: Who is the former envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: President Bill Clinton | question: Who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti?, answer: Rene Preval and other members of the local government as well as aid workers, to discuss how to proceed with recovery operations.
question: who objected to Democratic requests to approve nominees?, answer: Sen. Tom Coburn, | question: who objected to Democratic requests to approve nominees?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who objected to Democratic requests to approve nominees?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who objected to Democratic requests to approve nominees?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who objected to Democratic requests to approve nominees?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who said most of the people on the list don't know what?, answer: "Most of the people on the list, we don't know what they're sitting there. We don't even know who's making them sit there," | question: who said most of the nominees passed out of committee with little or no opposition?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who said most of the nominees passed out of committee with little or no opposition?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill, | question: who said most of the nominees passed out of committee with little or no opposition?, answer: Sen. Claire McCaskill,
question: What did the TSA say?, answer: Full-body imaging machines that see through clothes have significantly improved security in airports where they are deployed, and have revealed more than 60 "artfully concealed" illegal or prohibited items in the past year, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: Full-body imaging machines that see through clothes have significantly improved security in airports where they are deployed, and have revealed more than 60 "artfully concealed" illegal or prohibited items | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: To date, no explosives have been detected by the machines, but their ability to spot even small concealed objects demonstrates their effectiveness as a security tool, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: "It is absolutely a tremendous improvement of what we can detect at the checkpoints,"
question: What did Bialek say about Cain?, answer: unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt "toward my genitals." She also said he pushed her head toward his crotch. | question: What did Bialek say about Cain?, answer: unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt "toward my genitals." She also said he pushed her head toward his crotch. | question: What did Bialek say about Cain?, answer: unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt "toward my genitals." | question: What did the Chicago woman say about Cain?, answer: unexpectedly put his hand on her leg beneath her skirt "toward my genitals."
question: What did the Supreme Court order?, answer: the agency to determine the impact of carbon emissions not only on the environment, but on public health. | question: What does Jackson say?, answer: Greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to public health and welfare, | question: What does Jackson say?, answer: "The overwhelming amount of scientific studies show that the threat is real," | question: What does Jackson say?, answer: Greenhouse gas emissions pose a threat to public health and welfare, | question: What did the Supreme Court order?, answer: the agency to determine the impact of carbon emissions not only on the environment, but on public health. | question: What does Jackson say?, answer: "The overwhelming amount of scientific studies show that the threat is real,"
question: Where did Chancellor Keesling die?, answer: Dover Air Force Base in Delaware | question: Who did Chancellor Keesling write letters to?, answer: families of each and every soldier killed in the war. | question: Who did Chancellor Keesling write letters to?, answer: families of each and every soldier killed in the war. | question: Who did Chancellor Keesling write letters to?, answer: families of each and every soldier killed in the war. | question: Who did Chancellor Keesling write letters to?, answer: President. | question: Who did Chancellor Keesling write letters to?, answer: Obama and Army Chief of Staff Gen. George W. Casey Jr.,
question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right." | question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right." | question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right." | question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right." | question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right." | question: What did Dennis Kucinich say?, answer: he believes "health care is a civil right."
question: What broke down along strict party lines?, answer: The 60-39 vote to prevent a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation | question: What did the 60-39 vote prevent?, answer: a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation | question: What did the Senate vote to prevent?, answer: a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation | question: What did the Senate vote prevent?, answer: a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation | question: What did the Senate vote prevent?, answer: a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation | question: What did the Senate vote prevent?, answer: a Republican filibuster against the start of debate on Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid's legislation
question: What does John Brennan say about al qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, attempting relatively unsophisticated attacks and seeking people living in the United States to launch such attacks. | question: What does John Brennan say about al Qaeda?, answer: recruiting individuals with little training, 
question: What does the document show?, answer: Republicans want to permanently extend all the tax cuts due to expire at the end of this year, give small businesses a tax deduction equal to 20 percent of their income and require Congress to review any new federal regulations that add to the deficit. | question: What does the document show?, answer: Republicans want to permanently extend all the tax cuts due to expire at the end of this year, give small businesses a tax deduction equal to 20 percent of their income and require Congress to review any new federal regulations that add to the deficit. | question: What does the document show?, answer: Republicans want to permanently extend all the tax cuts due to expire at the end of this year, give small businesses a tax deduction equal to 20 percent of their income and require Congress to review any new federal regulations that add to the deficit. | question: What does the document show?, answer: Republicans want to permanently extend all the tax cuts due to expire at the end of this year,
question: What did the tsa announce?, answer: new security measures to be implemented by domestic and international air carriers on flights bound for the United States, effective Monday. | question: What did John Brennan say?, answer: the security breakdown in the failed bombing of the Northwest Airlines flight was different from the September 11, 2001, terror attacks. | question: What did the tsa announce?, answer: new security measures to be implemented by domestic and international air carriers on flights bound for the United States, effective Monday. | question: What did John Brennan say about the failed bombing?, answer: the "system didn't work as it should have" due to "lapses" and "human error." | question: What did the tsa announce?, answer: new security measures to be implemented by domestic and international air carriers on flights bound for the United States, effective Monday.
question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: Who was our escort?, answer: Col. Ben Danner | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems. | question: What was the purpose of our visit?, answer: to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems.
question: What did the CIA say?, answer: "No political or religious ideology could ever justify or excuse such wanton and indiscriminate violence. The attack was particularly heinous in that it targeted the all-volunteer Army that protects our nation. | question: What did the CIA say?, answer: "No political or religious ideology could ever justify or excuse such wanton and indiscriminate violence. The attack was particularly heinous in that it targeted the all-volunteer Army that protects our nation. | question: What did Hooper say?, answer: "As soon as we saw what appeared to be a Muslim name, we issued our statement," | question: What did the CIA say?, answer: "No political or religious ideology could ever justify or excuse such wanton and indiscriminate violence.
question: What does the Idaho law say?, answer: no | question: What does the Idaho law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty." | question: What does the Idaho law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty." | question: What does the law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty." | question: What does the law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty." | question: What does the law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty." | question: What does the law say?, answer: "every person within the state of Idaho is and shall be free to choose or decline to choose any mode of securing health care services without penalty or threat of penalty."
question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights. | question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights. | question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights. | question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights. | question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights. | question: What did the court say?, answer: a suspect must explicitly tell officers he or she is asserting that right, known as Miranda rights.
question: What did the commission say?, answer: More research, funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster, | question: What did the commission say?, answer: More research, funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster, | question: What did the commission say?, answer: More research, funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster, | question: What did the commission say?, answer: More research, funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster, | question: What did the commission say?, answer: More research, funding and oversight are needed to help prevent another disaster, | question: What did the commission say?, answer: "As drilling pushes into ever deeper and riskier waters where more of America's oil lies, only systemic reforms of both government and industry will prevent a similar, future disaster," | question: What did the commission say?, answer: The disaster "was almost the inevitable result of years of industry and government complacency and lack of attention to safety,"
question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights | question: What will be filled to at least 85% capacity on busiest days?, answer: flights
question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: What does Cuba do?, answer: exports doctors | question: What does Cuba do?, answer: exports doctors | question: What does Cuba do?, answer: exports doctors | question: What does the devastation in Haiti provide?, answer: a platform not only to provide relief for a nearby nation in desperate circumstances, but also to build confidence between Cuban and American authorities in a potential collaboration of effort in a third country. | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: What does the devastation provide?, answer: a platform not only to provide relief for a nearby nation in desperate circumstances, but also to build confidence between Cuban and American authorities in a potential collaboration of effort in a third country. | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer: 30,000 | question: How many doctors do Cuba export?, answer:
question: What can the bracelets honor?, answer: "prisoners of war, missing in action, killed in action, and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater," | question: What can the bracelets honor?, answer: "prisoners of war, missing in action, killed in action, and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater," | question: What can the bracelets honor?, answer: "prisoners of war, missing in action, killed in action, and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater," | question: What can the bracelets honor?, answer: "prisoners of war, missing in action, killed in action, and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater," | question: What can the bracelets honor?, answer: "prisoners of war, missing in action, killed in action, and those who died of wounds or injuries sustained in a combat theater,"
question: What is needed because of recent major floods from Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee along the East Coast, and wildfires in Texas that required emergency responses exceeding the amount the agencies have left in their coffers to support recovery and rebuilding efforts. | question: What is needed because of recent major floods?, answer: Additional funds | question: When will the government be without funding?, answer: September 30. | question: What is needed because of recent major floods?, answer: Additional funds | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30. | question: When will the government be without funding for the next seven weeks?, answer: September 30.
question: What would verify government-issued IDs?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What would verify government-issued IDs?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What is the TSA testing?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What is the TSA testing?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What is the TSA testing?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What is the TSA testing?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic. | question: What is the TSA testing?, answer: machines that match a traveler's boarding pass with his or her government-issued ID, while verifying that both documents are authentic.
question: What did the crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did President Obama want to do?, answer: to transform VA into a 21st-century organization. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did President Obama want to do?, answer: transform VA into a 21st-century organization. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety. | question: What did my crew do?, answer: stood their ground in the face of approaching enemy, risked their lives, and carried me to safety.
question: What are the defendants accused of?, answer: filing phony claims using 34 assumed identities of actual Florida residents. | question: What are the defendants accused of?, answer: filing phony claims using 34 assumed identities of actual Florida residents. | question: What are the defendants accused of?, answer: taking $340,000 in funds intended for victims of last year's environmental disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. | question: What are the defendants accused of?, answer: taking $340,000 in funds intended for victims of last year's environmental disaster in the Gulf of Mexico. | question: What are the charges?, answer: mail fraud, wire fraud and aggressive identity theft. | question: What are the charges?, answer: mail fraud, wire fraud and aggressive identity theft. | question: What are the defendants accused of?, answer: filing phony claims using 34 assumed identities of actual Florida residents. | question: What are the charges?, answer: mail fraud, wire fraud and aggressive identity theft.
question: What does Robert Gibbs say makes his job easier?, answer: "I can walk in and ask him a question at any given time, pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time. I think [that] makes my job easier," | question: What does Robert Gibbs say about his job?, answer: "I can walk in and ask him a question at any given time, pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time. I think [that] makes my job easier," | question: What does Robert Gibbs say about his job?, answer: "I can walk in and ask him a question at any given time, pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time. I think [that] makes my job easier," | question: What does Robert Gibbs say about his job?, answer: "I can walk in and ask him a question at any given time, pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time. I think [that] makes my job easier,"
question: How many percent approve of Obama's response to the attempted bombing?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response to the attempted bombing?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response to the attempted bombing?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response to the attempted bombing?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57 | question: How many percent approve of Obama's response?, answer: 57
question: Who is Robert Richer?, answer: Former CIA official | question: Who is the handler?, answer: a Jordanian military officer | question: Who is the handler?, answer: a Jordanian military officer | question: Who is believed to have come on orders from "the highest levels" of al Qaeda?, answer: Robert Richer | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from "the highest levels" of al Qaeda?, answer: Robert Richer | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from who?, answer: "the highest levels" of al Qaeda. | question: Who said the attack was believed to have come on orders from what levels of al Qaeda.
question: What did the report show?, answer: soldiers with multiple deployments, three or four tours of duty to Iraq or Afghanistan, had much lower morale and more mental health problems than those who have one or two combat deployments. | question: What did the report show?, answer: soldiers with multiple deployments, three or four tours of duty to Iraq or Afghanistan, had much lower morale and more mental health problems than those who have one or two combat deployments. | question: What did the report show?, answer: soldiers with multiple deployments, three or four tours of duty to Iraq or Afghanistan, had much lower morale and more mental health problems than those who have one or two combat deployments.
question: What is Viktor Bout accused of?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What is Viktor Bout accused of?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What is Viktor Bout accused of?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East. | question: What are the charges against Viktor Bout?, answer: illegally purchasing U.S. cargo planes to ferry weapons to warring parties and regimes in Africa and the Middle East
question: What did Jay Leno say?, answer: I find it helpful to get feedback, good and bad, from people who follow my tweets. | question: What did Jay Leno say?, answer: I find it helpful to get feedback, good and bad, from people who follow my tweets. | question: What did Justin Beiber do?, answer: walked up to the rope line separating the head table from the rest of the ballroom to gawk at Mrs. Obama and the president, | question: What did Leno say?, answer: I find it helpful to get feedback, good and bad, from people who follow my tweets. | question: What did Justin Beiber do?, answer: walked up to the rope line separating the head table from the rest of the ballroom to gawk at Mrs. Obama and the president,
question: Who will brainstorm ideas for how many start-ups?, answer: CEOs from companies such as Boeing, AT&T, Comcast and Dow Corning, top leaders of the United Steelworkers, United Food and Commercial Workers, American Federation of Teachers unions, Ivy League academics and a few small-business representatives | question: What will be done by entrepreneurs?, answer: putting America back to work | question: What percent of private payroll do small companies pay?, answer: 45 | question: What percent of private payroll do small companies pay?, answer: 45 | question: What is the number of jobs generated by firms operating less than five years?, answer: nearly all net job creation in the U.S. since 1980 has been generated by firms operating less than five years.
question: Who is Jennifer Tonge?, answer: member of the British House of Lords, | question: What did Tonge say?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did Tonge say?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: Who is Jennifer Tonge?, answer: member of the British House of Lords, | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party." | question: What did she say about Israel?, answer: "The pro-Israeli lobby has got its grips on the Western world, its financial grips. I think they've probably got a grip on our party."
question: what is the name of the book, answer: "Rare: Portraits of America's Endangered Species," | question: what is the name of the book, answer: "Rare: Portraits of America's Endangered Species," | question: what is the name of the book, answer: "Rare: Portraits of America's Endangered Species," | question: what is the name of the book, answer: "Rare: Portraits of America's Endangered Species," | question: What is the name of the award winning photographer?, answer: Joel Sartore's photograph of gentle Bryn
question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do?, answer: relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital | question: What did Hinckley do after being found not guilty by reason of insanity?, answer: John Hinckley Jr.'s relationships with women | question: What did Hinckley do after being found not guilty by reason of insanity?, answer: John Hinckley Jr.'s relationships with women | question: What did Hinckley do after being found not guilty by reason of insanity?, answer: John Hinckley Jr.'s relationships with women and his difficulties becoming part of a community away from a government mental hospital
question: What has Obama done?, answer: his policies and actions during almost three years in power have helped him shed the knee-jerk, anti-war reputation affixed to Democrats since the Vietnam era. | question: What is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president gets from foreign policy successes?, answer: voter dissatisfaction with 9% unemployment and crawling economic recovery | question: What is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president gets from foreign policy successes?, answer: voter dissatisfaction with 9% unemployment and crawling economic recovery | question: What is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president from foreign policy successes?, answer: voter dissatisfaction with 9% unemployment and crawling economic recovery | question: What is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president from foreign policy successes?, answer: voter dissatisfaction with 9% unemployment and crawling economic recovery | question: What is likely to overwhelm any benefit the president from foreign policy successes?, answer: voter dissatisfaction with 9% unemployment and crawling economic recovery
question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who was shot three times?, answer: Abu Zubaydah, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who was shot three times?, answer: Abu Zubaydah, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who was shot three times?, answer: Abu Zubaydah, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou, | question: Who helped plan the raid?, answer: John Kiriakou,
question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school," | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: Latinos | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What is widely regarded as the best'second chance' pathway to college, vocational training and military service for adults who do not graduate from high school?, answer: The equivalency degree, | question: What percentage of Latinos 20 and older in the United States do not have a regular high school diploma?, answer: 41 percent
question: Who is the author of "American Original: The Life and Constitution of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia"?, answer: Joan Biskupic, | question: What is the name of the book?, answer: "American Original: The Life and Constitution of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia" | question: Who is the book's author?, answer: Joan Biskupic, | question: Who is the book's author?, answer: Joan Biskupic, | question: Who is the book's author?, answer: Joan Biskupic,
question: What does the survey show?, answer: Hispanics dislike immigration policies of the Obama administration, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: Latino voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: Latino voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party, despite dissatisfaction with the administration's deportation policies, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: Latino voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: dissatisfaction with the administration's deportation policies, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: Latino voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party, despite dissatisfaction with the administration's deportation policies, | question: What did the Pew Hispanic Center report?, answer: Hispanic voters strongly support President Barack Obama and his Democratic Party, despite dissatisfaction with the administration's deportation policies,
question: What is the DEA trying to stop?, answer: so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs. | question: How many people were arrested in Florida?, answer: 22 | question: What is the DEA trying to do?, answer: shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs. | question: What is the DEA trying to do?, answer: shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs. | question: What is the DEA trying to do?, answer: shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs. | question: How many people were arrested in Florida?, answer: 22 | question: What is the DEA trying to do?, answer: shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs. | question: What is the DEA trying to do?, answer: shut down so-called pill mills distributing illegal prescription drugs.
question: Who is the center's board of Trustees?, answer: based on contributions to American culture, through dance, music, opera, theater, movies or television. | question: Who was honored for his lifetime of contributions to the performing arts?, answer: Bruce Springsteen. | question: Who is being honored for his lifetime of contributions to the performing arts?, answer: Bruce Springsteen. | question: Who is being honored for his lifetime of contributions to the performing arts?, answer: Bruce Springsteen. | question: Who is being honored for his lifetime?, answer: writer, composer, actor, director and producer Mel Brooks; pianist and composer Dave Brubeck; opera singer Grace Bumbry; and actor, director and producer Robert De Niro.
question: What did Amnesty International say?, answer: "There are neither facts nor information that secret CIA detention centers existed in Lithuania," | question: What did Lithuanian lawmakers say?, answer: the country had hosted secret CIA prisons as part of the "war on terror." | question: What did Amnesty International say?, answer: the former Soviet republic, now a NATO member, had become the first country to admit it hosted secret CIA detention centers for terror suspects. | question: What did Lithuanian lawmakers say?, answer: the country had hosted secret CIA prisons as part of the "war on terror." | question: What did Amnesty International say?, answer: the territory of Lithuania was used to transfer persons under suspicion of terrorism nor that such persons had been brought in or transported from the territory of Lithuania,"
question: How many objects have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 objects | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: How many objects have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000
question: How many objects have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 objects | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: How many objects have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000 | question: What is the number of objects that have been left at the Vietnam Veterans Memorial?, answer: more than 100,000
question: Who will leave the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is the domestic policy adviser to President Barack Obama?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is taking time off to enjoy her family?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is leaving the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is taking time off to enjoy her family?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is leaving the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is the domestic policy adviser to President Barack Obama?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is leaving the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is leaving the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is the domestic policy adviser to President Barack Obama?, answer: Melody Barnes, | question: Who is leaving the White House at the end of the year?, answer: Melody Barnes,
question: Who was fired?, answer: Elizabeth Birnbaum | question: What did the report show?, answer: widespread corruption at the Minerals Management Service (MMS), which is part of the Interior Department. | question: What did the report show?, answer: federal inspectors overseeing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored. | question: What did the Interior Secretary insist?, answer: Birnbaum had resigned "on her own terms and own volition." | question: What did the report show?, answer: widespread corruption at the Minerals Management Service (MMS), which is part of the Interior Department. | question: What did the report show?, answer: federal inspectors overseeing oil drilling in the Gulf of Mexico accepted meals and tickets to sporting events from companies they monitored. | question: What did the Interior Secretary insist?, answer: Birnbaum had resigned "on her own terms and own volition."
question: What did Elizabeth Birnbaum do?, answer: resigned Thursday as head of the Interior Department's scandal-plagued Minerals Management Service, | question: What did Elizabeth Birnbaum do?, answer: resigned | question: Who is the Interior Secretary?, answer: Ken Salazar. | question: What did Elizabeth Birnbaum do?, answer: resigned | question: Who is the Interior Secretary?, answer: Ken Salazar. | question: What did Elizabeth Birnbaum do?, answer: resigned | question: Who is the Interior Secretary?, answer: Ken Salazar.
question: What did the official say?, answer: There could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: investigators believe that there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: that there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings. | question: What did the official say?, answer: there could be a connection between Barrio Azteca, a gang that operates in both cities, and the killings.
question: What does the Quran say?, answer: "Anyone who kills a human being... it shall be as though he has killed all of mankind.... If anyone saves a life, it shall be as though he has saved the lives of all of mankind." | question: What does the Quran say?, answer: "Anyone who kills a human being... it shall be as though he has killed all of mankind.... If anyone saves a life, it shall be as though he has saved the lives of all of mankind." | question: What does the Quran say?, answer: "Anyone who kills a human being... it shall be as though he has killed all of mankind.... If anyone saves a life, it shall be as though he has saved the lives of all of mankind." | question: What does the Quran say?, answer: "Anyone who kills a human being... it shall be as though he has killed all of mankind.... If anyone saves a life, it shall be as though he has saved the lives of all of mankind."
question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Cowboys. | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears, | question: What team does Hurd play for?, answer: Chicago Bears,
question: What did the inspector general report say?, answer: The officers, with Customs and Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, "did not always sufficiently safeguard their firearms and, as a result, lost a significant number of firearms" between fiscal year 2006 and fiscal year 2008, | question: How many firearms were lost?, answer: 243 | question: How many firearms were lost?, answer: 243 | question: What did the inspector general report say?, answer: The officers, with Customs and Border Patrol and Immigration and Customs Enforcement, "did not always sufficiently safeguard their firearms and, as a result, lost a significant number of firearms" | question: How many guns were lost?, answer: 243 | question: How many guns were lost?, answer: 243
question: What percent of pregnant women received a vaccine showed a robust immune response?, answer: 90 | question: What percent of pregnant women received a vaccine with a robust immune response?, answer: 90 | question: What percent of pregnant women received a vaccine with a robust immune response?, answer: 90 | question: What percent of pregnant women received a vaccine with a robust immune response?, answer: 90 | question: What percent of pregnant women received a vaccine with a robust immune response?, answer: 90 | question: What percent showed a robust immune response to a single 15-microgram dose of the H1N1 flu vaccine?, answer: 90
question: How many barrels of crude is being pumped into the Gulf of Mexico each day?, answer: 210,000 gallons | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: up to 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: up to 60 | question: How many barrels of crude is being pumped into the Gulf of Mexico each day?, answer: 210,000 | question: How many miles does the sheen extends across?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many barrels of crude are being pumped into the Gulf of Mexico each day?, answer: about 210,000 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen threaten?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the sheen extend?, answer: 60 | question: How many miles does the
question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38 | question: What percent of the public blame Republicans for economic problems?, answer: 38
question: How many insiders were surveyed?, answer: 52 | question: How many thought Romney would lose the primary?, answer: one | question: How many thought Romney would lose the primary?, answer: one | question: How many insiders were surveyed?, answer: 52 | question: How many thought Romney would lose the primary?, answer: one | question: How many insiders were surveyed?, answer: 52 | question: How many thought Romney would lose the primary?, answer: one | question: How many insiders were surveyed?, answer: 52 | question: How many thought Romney would lose the primary?, answer: only one
question: Where should the terror trial take place?, answer: in a civilian court in lower Manhattan, | question: Who is Robert Gibbs?, answer: White House Press Secretary | question: Where should the terror trial take place?, answer: in a civilian court in lower Manhattan, | question: Who is the senior adviser to President Obama?, answer: David Axelrod, | question: Who is the senior adviser to President Obama?, answer: David Axelrod, | question: Where should the terror trial take place?, answer: in a civilian court in lower Manhattan, | question: Who is Robert Gibbs?, answer: White House Press Secretary | question: Who is the senior adviser to President Obama?, answer: David Axelrod,
question: What did Begala say?, answer: "Democrats... are pretty confident they can defeat Sarah Palin. She's not going to beat Barack Obama." | question: What did Paul Begala say?, answer: "I do think maybe it suggests, sadly for Democrats, that she might not be running," | question: What did Paul Begala say?, answer: "I do think maybe it suggests, sadly for Democrats, that she might not be running," | question: What did Paul Begala say?, answer: "Democrats... are pretty confident they can defeat Sarah Palin. She's not going to beat Barack Obama." | question: What did Paul Begala say?, answer: "I do think maybe it suggests, sadly for Democrats, that she might not be running," | question: What did Paul Begala say?, answer: "I do think maybe it suggests, sadly for Democrats, that she might not be running,"
question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has benefited the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has helped the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has helped the middle class?, answer: 25 | question: What percent of the public thinks the stimulus has helped the middle class?, answer: 25
question: What did the U.S. officials say?, answer: it was a regrettable case of mistaken identity and miscommunication when NATO attacked the area in support of a nearby U.S.-Afghan joint patrol that believed it was under fire from the Taliban. | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: NATO forces knew they were firing at Pakistani troops throughout the attack and even apologized as they kept firing, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: they were firing at Pakistani troops throughout the attack and even apologized as they kept firing, evidence they say the attack was deliberate. | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question: What did officials say about NATO?, answer: well-established operating procedures and an intricate system for operational information sharing were deliberately ignored, | question
question: What did Obama say about immigration?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the two leaders?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the two leaders?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the border?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the border?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the border?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility," | question: What did Obama say about the border?, answer: "Our progress today marks another step forward in a new era of cooperation and partnership between our countries, a partnership based on mutual interests, mutual respect and mutual responsibility,"
question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died from drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died from drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died from drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died from prescription drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died from prescription drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died from drug overdoses in 2007?, answer: 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000 | question: How many people died in 2007?, answer: about 28,000
question: What does Obama say about the law?, answer: "is hurting children by denying the children most at risk the resources they really need." | question: What does the law require schools to do?, answer: meet targets aimed at making all students proficient in reading and math by 2014 or face stiff penalties. | question: What does Obama say about the law?, answer: "Higher standards are the right goal. Accountability is the right goal. Closing the achievement gap is the right goal," | question: What does the law require?, answer: public schools to meet targets aimed at making all students proficient in reading and math by 2014 or face stiff penalties. | question: What does the law require schools to meet?, answer: meet targets aimed at making all students proficient in reading and math by 2014 or face stiff penalties. | question: What does Obama say about the law?, answer: "Higher standards are the right goal. Accountability is the right goal. Closing the achievement gap is the right goal," | question: What did Obama say about the law?, answer: "Higher standards are the right goal. Accountability is the right goal. Closing the achievement gap is the right goal," | question: What did Obama say about the law?, answer: "Higher standards are the right goal. Accountability is the right goal. Closing the achievement gap is the right goal," | question: What did Obama say about the law?, answer: "Higher standards are the right goal. Accountability is the right goal. Closing the achievement gap is the right goal,"
question: What does the plan include?, answer: $1.5 trillion in new revenue generated largely by higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans, | question: What does the plan include?, answer: $1.5 trillion in new revenue generated largely by higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans, | question: What is the plan a cheap political gimmick?, answer: Spending cuts alone "will not solve our fiscal problems. | question: What does the plan include?, answer: $1.5 trillion in new revenue generated largely by higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans, | question: What does the plan include?, answer: $1.5 trillion in new revenue generated largely by higher taxes on the wealthiest Americans, | question: What is the plan a cheap political gimmick?, answer: Spending cuts alone "will not solve our fiscal problems.
question: What did obama say?, answer: alternative proposals amount to little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did obama say about the alternative proposals?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did obama say?, answer: "My "bill will help put people back to work and give our economy a boost right away," | question: What did obama say about the alternative proposals?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did Obama say about the alternative proposals?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did obama say about alternative proposals?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did Obama say about the GOP critics?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did Obama say about the GOP critics?, answer: little more than sops to the rich that will gut critical regulations and fail to restore economic growth. | question: What did Obama say about the GOP critics?, answer: "I've gone out of my way to find areas of cooperation" with congressional Republicans,
question: What does Obama support?, answer: same-sex civil unions, | question: What did he support?, answer: Respect for Marriage Act, | question: What did he support?, answer: same-sex civil unions, | question: What did he support?, answer: same-sex civil unions, | question: What did he support?, answer: Respect for Marriage Act, | question: What did Obama support?, answer: same-sex civil unions, | question: What did he support?, answer: Respect for Marriage Act, | question: What did he not rebuke?, answer: members of the audience who booed a gay soldier who asked about the repeal of "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy?, answer: Obama cited the repeal of the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy
question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: "Steve Jobs actually gave it to me, a little bit early," | question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: he actually was a recipient of an advanced copy of the iPad 2 directly from Jobs. | question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: he actually was a recipient of an advanced copy of the iPad 2 directly from Jobs. | question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: "Steve Jobs actually gave it to me, a little bit early," | question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: "Steve Jobs actually gave it to me, a little bit early," | question: What did Obama say about Jobs?, answer: "Steve Jobs actually gave it to me, a little bit early,"
question: What did Harry Reid say?, answer: "I don't know, frankly, whether we can close that gap," | question: What did Reid say?, answer: "I think the American people want us to work together on common steps to make our current system work better," | question: What did Reid say?, answer: "I think the American people want us to work together on common steps to make our current system work better," | question: What did Reid say?, answer: "I think the American people want us to work together on common steps to make our current system work better," | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: "I don't know, frankly, whether we can close that gap,"
question: What did the president say?, answer: "Our hope today is that in addition to having fun and doing some of the traditional activities like the egg roll... you can learn about beginning to live a more healthy life," | question: What did the president say?, answer: "Our hope today is that in addition to having fun and doing some of the traditional activities like the egg roll... you can learn about beginning to live a more healthy life," | question: What did the president read?, answer: Dr. Seuss book "Green Eggs and Ham" | question: What did the president say?, answer: "Our hope today is that in addition to having fun and doing some of the traditional activities like the egg roll... you can learn about beginning to live a more healthy life,"
question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How much will the investment be made?, answer: $8 billion | question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How much will the investment be made?, answer: $8 billion | question: How much will the investment be made?, answer: through a series of state grants, | question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How much money will be made?, answer: $8 billion | question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How long will the train corridors be?, answer: between 100 and 600 miles | question: How much money will be made?, answer: $1 billion a year for five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question: How long will the investment be?, answer: five years | question
question: What did Obama say about the bill?, answer: "If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not," | question: What did Obama say about the bill?, answer: "If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not," | question: Who is Scott Brown?, answer: new U.S. senator from Massachusetts | question: What did Obama say about the health care bill?, answer: "If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not," | question: What did Obama say?, answer: "If Congress decides we're not going to do it, even after all the facts are laid out, after all the options are clear, then the American people can make a judgment as to whether this Congress has done the right thing for them or not,"
question: What did the report blame the Bush administration for?, answer: failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001. | question: What did the report blame the Bush administration for?, answer: failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001. | question: What did the report blame the Bush administration for?, answer: failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden | question: What did the report blame the Bush administration for?, answer: failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001. | question: What did the report blame the Bush administration for?, answer: failing to capture or kill Osama bin Laden when the al Qaeda leader was cornered in Afghanistan's Tora Bora mountain region in December 2001.
question: What did the military sources say?, answer: Each branch of the armed services was given a direct opportunity to tell Obama the effect on the military if a large number of additional forces are sent to Afghanistan, | question: What does the Army and Marine Corps have concerns about?, answer: it could make it tougher to give troops promised time at home with their families between overseas tours. | question: What does the White House spokesman say?, answer: "The president wants to get input from different services," | question: What did the military sources say?, answer: Each branch was given a direct opportunity to tell Obama the effect on the military if a large number of additional forces are sent to Afghanistan, | question: What does the Army and Marine Corps have concerns about?, answer: it could make it tougher to give troops promised time at home with their families between overseas tours. | question: Who is the president?, answer: Hamid Karzai's runoff opponent, Abdullah Abdullah, would withdraw from the race. | question: Who is the president?, answer: Hamid Karzai's runoff opponent, Abdullah Abdullah,
question: Who is "very concerned" about Greece's economic crisis?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about Greece's economic crisis?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about Greece's economic crisis?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about Greece's economic crisis?, answer: President Obama | question: Who is "very concerned" about the Greek crisis?, answer: President Obama
question: Where will the trains travel?, answer: between Tampa and Orlando, Florida, | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How many states will be involved in the project?, answer: 31 | question: How
question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is being considered in Uganda?, answer: anti-homosexuality legislation | question: What is the name of the organization which sponsors the breakfast?, answer: Fellowship Foundation,
question: What did the bomber do?, answer: A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors, as well as a Jordanian intelligence official, on December 30 at a U.S. base in Khost, in southeastern Afghanistan. | question: What did the bomber do?, answer: A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors, as well as a Jordanian intelligence official, | question: What did the bomber do?, answer: A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors, as well as a Jordanian intelligence official, | question: What did the bomber do?, answer: A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors, as well as a Jordanian intelligence official, | question: What did the bomber do?, answer: A suicide bomber killed the CIA officers and contractors, as well as a Jordanian intelligence official, | question: Who was the bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi,
question: what did obama say, answer: "There's no tribute, no commemoration, no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice," | question: what did obama say, answer: "There's no tribute, no commemoration, no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice," | question: what did obama say, answer: "There's no tribute, no commemoration, no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice," | question: what did obama say, answer: "America will do right" by its troops. | question: what did obama say, answer: "There's no tribute, no commemoration, no praise that can truly match the magnitude of your service and your sacrifice,"
question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is Dennis Blair?, answer: retired Air Force Lt. Gen. James Clapper | question: What is the name of the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: What is the name of the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: retired Air Force Lt. Gen. James Clapper | question: What is the name of the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: retired Air Force Lt. Gen. James Clapper | question: What is the name of the new director of national intelligence?, answer: James Clapper | question: Who is the new director of national intelligence?, answer: retired Air Force Lt. Gen. James Clapper
question: What percentage of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate will increase?, answer: 20 percent | question: What percentage of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate will increase?, answer: 35 percent | question: What percentage of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate will increase?, answer: 20 percent | question: What percentage of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate will increase?, answer: 35 percent | question: What percentage of the Child and Dependent Care Tax Credit rate will increase?, answer: 20 percent | question: What is Obama proposing?, answer: doubling the child care tax credit for middle-class families | question: What is the name of the president?, answer: Obama
question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: his Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: his Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: his Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: 2,000 troops at the U.S. base | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Afghan counterpart | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Hamid Karzai | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Hamid Karzai | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Hamid Karzai | question: Who did Obama meet with?, answer: Hamid Karzai
question: What does Obama say about equality?, answer: "We find unity in our incredible diversity, drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution: the notion that we are all created equal, that no matter who you are or what you look like, if you abide by the law you should be protected by it," | question: What did Obama say about equality?, answer: "We find unity in our incredible diversity, drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution: the notion that we are all created equal, that no matter what you are or what you look like, if you abide by the law you should be protected by it," | question: What did McCain say about equality?, answer: "It would be a mistake" to repeal the 1993 law that bars gay men and lesbians from revealing their sexual orientation, and prevents the military from asking about it. | question: What did McCain say about the policy?, answer: "it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels," | question: What did McCain say about equality?, answer: "It would be a mistake" to repeal the 1993 law that bars gay men and lesbians from openly serving in the armed forces.
question: What does the lawmakers say?, answer: "our armed forces are in the midst of a suicide epidemic." | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide, | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: a longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide, | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide, | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: a longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide, | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: a longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide, | question: What does Obama want to end?, answer: a longstanding policy of not writing letters of condolence to families of troops who commit suicide,
question: Who is the Defense Intelligence Agency's senior human intelligence officer?, answer: Robert A. Harding, | question: Who is the Defense Intelligence Agency's senior human intelligence officer?, answer: Robert A. Harding, | question: Who is the Defense Intelligence Agency's senior human intelligence officer?, answer: Robert A. Harding, | question: Who is the TSA's first African-American administrator?, answer: Robert A. Harding, | question: Who is the Defense Intelligence Agency's senior human intelligence officer?, answer: Robert A. Harding, | question: Who was the TSA's first African-American administrator?, answer: Robert A. Harding,
question: What did Obama say at the dinner?, answer: "To the future that beckons all of us," | question: What does the dinner show?, answer: Obama's intention to signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs. | question: What does the dinner show?, answer: Obama's intention to signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy | question: What does the dinner show?, answer: Obama's intention to signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs. | question: What did the dinner show Obama's intention to do?, answer: signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs. | question: What did the dinner show Obama's intention to do?, answer: signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs. | question: What did the dinner show Obama's intention to do?, answer: signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs. | question: What did the dinner show Obama's intention to do?, answer: signal strong ties with the world's largest democracy and go his own way in navigating the pomp and tradition of White House customs.
question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "The president does not see this as an open-ended engagement." | question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand," | question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand," | question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand," | question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand," | question: What did the president say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand," | question: What did Obama say about Afghanistan?, answer: "Our time there will be limited, and I think that's important for people to understand,"
question: When is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday | question: When is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday | question: When is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday | question: When is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday | question: Who is Dorothy Height?, answer: civil rights leader | question: Who is Dorothy Height?, answer: civil rights leader | question: When is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday | question: What is Dorothy Height's funeral?, answer: 10 a.m. ET Thursday
question: What did the White House press secretary say?, answer: the administration expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill, and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign against benefits, and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign against benefits, and he challenged them to campaign against benefits, and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign against benefits, | question: What did the White House press secretary say?, answer: the administration expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill, and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign against benefits, and he challenged, | question: What did the White House press secretary say?, answer: the bill, which constitutes the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees in more than four decades, | question: What is the biggest expansion of federal health care guarantees in more than four decades?, answer: The bill, | question: What did the White House press secretary say?, answer: the administration expects to win any lawsuits filed against the bill, and he challenged McCain and other Republicans to campaign against benefits, | question: What did senior Republicans say?, answer: Republicans warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November's midterm elections, | question: What did senior Republicans say?, answer: Republicans warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November's midterm elections, | question: What did senior Republicans say?, answer: Republicans warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November's midterm elections, | question: What did senior Republicans say?, answer: Republicans warned that voters will judge Democrats harshly in November's midterm elections,
question: What will the two leaders discuss?, answer: a range of global, regional and bilateral issues, | question: Who will Singh meet with?, answer: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates | question: Who will Singh meet with?, answer: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates | question: Who will Singh meet with?, answer: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates | question: Who will Singh meet with?, answer: Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Defense Secretary Robert Gates | question: What will the discussions center on?, answer: Afghanistan, climate change and nuclear energy cooperation.
question: What did the president say about Jay Leno?, answer: "Jonas Brothers are here tonight," | question: What did Jay Leno say?, answer: "Glad to see the only person whose ratings fell more than mine last year.... I'm also glad that I'm speaking first," | question: What did the president say about Jay Leno?, answer: "Glad to see the only person whose ratings fell more than mine last year.... I'm also glad that I'm speaking first," | question: What did the president say about Jay Leno?, answer: "He loves to socialize... health care, car companies, things of that nature,"
question: What did Lawrence Summers say?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled. | question: What did Lawrence Summers say?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled. | question: What did Lawrence Summers say?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled. | question: What did Lawrence Summers say?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled. | question: What did Lawrence Summers say?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled. | question: What did Lawrence Summers say about China?, answer: major international meetings coming up, including a G-20 economic gathering that will include China, provide the opportunity to resolve trade differences that could be exacerbated if the exchange-rate report were released on April 15 as scheduled.
question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. | question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. | question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. | question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. | question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion, prohibited by the Constitution. | question: What does the 9th Circuit rule?, answer: the pledge does not represent a government endorsement of religion,
question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: will maintain the military in fighting trim, with no negative impact on "military readiness, military effectiveness, unit cohesion and recruiting and retention." | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: will maintain the military in fighting trim, with no negative impact on "military readiness, military effectiveness, unit cohesion and recruiting and retention." | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: will maintain the military in fighting trim, with no negative impact on "military readiness, military effectiveness, unit cohesion and recruiting and retention." | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: will maintain the military in fighting trim, with no negative impact on "military readiness, military effectiveness, unit cohesion and recruiting and retention." | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: that the repeal enhanced the integrity of the nation's fighting forces. | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: that the repeal enhanced the integrity of the nation's fighting forces. | question: What does the Pentagon insist?, answer: the military in fighting trim, with no negative impact on "military readiness, military effectiveness, unit cohesion and recruiting and retention."
question: Who moved to San Francisco?, answer: Wilma Mankiller, | question: What did she move to?, answer: cities. | question: Who moved to San Francisco?, answer: Wilma Mankiller, | question: Who moved to San Francisco?, answer: Wilma Mankiller, | question: Who moved to San Francisco?, answer: Wilma Mankiller, | question: Who moved to San Francisco?, answer: Wilma Mankiller, | question: What did the United States say?, answer: there wasn't any future in Indians living on reservations. | question: What did the United States say?, answer: there wasn't any future in Indians living on reservations.
question: What did Rangel violate?, answer: rules on receiving gifts. | question: Who is Charlie Rangel?, answer: New York Democrat | question: What did Rangel violate?, answer: rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: violating rules on receiving gifts. | question: What is Rangel being investigated for?, answer: failing to pay taxes on a home in the Dominican Republic.
question: What did Rep. Edward Markey say?, answer: scientific evidence showed such plumes have formed and he asked for BP CEO Tony Hayward to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey say?, answer: no underwater oil plumes have formed because of the Gulf of Mexico spill. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey say?, answer: no underwater oil plumes have formed because of the Gulf of Mexico spill. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey say?, answer: that no underwater oil plumes have formed because of the Gulf of Mexico spill. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to provide evidence to back up Hayward's claim Sunday that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to back up Hayward's claim that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey claim?, answer: no underwater oil plumes have formed because of the Gulf of Mexico spill. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask for?, answer: to back up Hayward's claim that the spilled oil had gone to the surface. | question: What did Rep. Edward Markey ask BP CEO Tony Hayward to provide?,
question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members Thursday in Washington to mark the retirement of her husband, Capt. Mark Kelly, from the U.S. Navy. | question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members Thursday in Washington to mark the retirement of her husband, Capt. Mark Kelly, from the U.S. Navy. | question: What did Kelly do?, answer: served as a combat and test pilot before joining the U.S. space program. | question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members | question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members | question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members | question: What did Rep. Gabrielle Giffords do?, answer: joined about 50 dignitaries and family members
question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Republican Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Republican Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Republican Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Republican Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Scott Brown | question: who is sworn in as senator from Massachusetts?, answer: Scott Brown
question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "new information curtain is descending across much of the world." | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "new information curtain is descending across much of the world." | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: can also be used by some governments to "crush dissent and deny human rights." | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: are critical to foreign policy, and those who engage in cyber attacks should face international condemnation, | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: are critical to foreign policy, and those who engage in cyber attacks should face international condemnation, | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: are critical to foreign policy, and those who engage in cyber attacks should face international condemnation, | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "In an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question: What did Clinton say about cyber attacks?, answer: "in an interconnected world, an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on one nation's networks can be an attack on all," | question:
question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did Republicans reject?, answer: the surtax, | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military. | question: What did the Senate Democrats propose?, answer: tax incentives for businesses hiring veterans as well as job training for all service members leaving the military.
question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Arlington National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery, | question: Where will Obama mark the holiday?, answer: Abraham Lincoln National Cemetery,
question: What did Merkel say about global warming?, answer: "Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century. In a sense, we are able to tear down walls of today," | question: What did Merkel say about climate change?, answer: "Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century. In a sense, we are able to tear down walls of today," | question: What did Merkel say about global warming?, answer: "We need an agreement on one objective: Global warming must not exceed 2 degrees Celsius." | question: What did Obama thanked Merkel for?, answer: her country's "sacrifice" in Afghanistan. | question: What did Obama say about Merkel?, answer: "Today's generation needs to prove that it can meet the challenges of the 21st century. In a sense, we are able to tear down walls of today," | question: What did Merkel say about the global financial crisis?, answer: "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: the "near collapse of the markets has shown what happened to the collapse of the markets has shown what?, answer: limited my access to the free world,"
question: Who is Dorothy Height?, answer: a civil rights pioneer, died last week at the age of 98. | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "May God bless Dorothy Height and the union that she made more perfect," | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "May God bless Dorothy Height and the union that she made more perfect," | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "deserves a place of honor in America's memory." | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "May God bless Dorothy Height and the union that she made more perfect," | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "unambiguous record of righteous work," | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "unambiguous record of righteous work," | question: What did Obama say about Height?, answer: "May God bless Dorothy Height and the union that she made more perfect,"
question: Who is the first state visit hosted by the Obama administration?, answer: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh | question: What does Singh's visit reflect?, answer: India's growing political and economic importance to the United States and the deepening partnership between Washington and New Delhi. | question: Who is the first state visit hosted by the Obama administration?, answer: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh | question: What does Singh's visit reflect?, answer: India's growing political and economic importance to the United States and the deepening partnership between Washington and New Delhi. | question: Who is the first state visit hosted by the Obama administration?, answer: Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh
question: What did the employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the rig employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to the explosion. | question: What did the employees say about the company?, answer: putting profits above lives and cutting back on safety and employees leading up to
question: What is the centerpiece of Tuesday's dinner?, answer: roses, hydrangeas and sweet peas | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the dessert pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question: What is used to poach the pears?, answer: honey from the White House beehive?, answer: honey from the White House beehive | question
question: What did the president say?, answer: he would do "everything in my power" to get a bipartisan deal within the year. | question: What did the president say?, answer: he would do "everything in my power" to get a bipartisan deal within the year. | question: What did the president say?, answer: he would do "everything in my power" to get a bipartisan deal within the year. | question: What did the president say?, answer: this won't be easy, and it won't happen overnight," | question: What did the president say?, answer: he would do "everything in my power" to get a bipartisan deal within the year. | question: What did the president say about the future?, answer: "If we work together across ethnic, state and party lines, we can build a future worthy of our history as a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws." | question: What did the president say?, answer: he would do "everything in my power" to get a bipartisan deal within the year. | question: What did the president say about reform?, answer: "You know as well as I do that this won't be easy, and it won't happen overnight,"
question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not properly take into account the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not properly take into account the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's risk of recidivism, was based partly on an impermissible comparison to sentences imposed in other terrorism cases, and was based in part on inappropriate factors," | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not properly take into account the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not properly take into account the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about Padilla's sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not properly take into account the former gang member's past criminal history when sentencing him. | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's risk of recidivism, | question: What did the panel say about the sentence?, answer: did not adequately account for the former gang member's
question: what did the congressman say, answer: "For years, this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and, I would say, dishonorably," | question: what did the congressman say, answer: "For years, this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and, I would say, dishonorably," | question: what did the congressman say, answer: "For years, this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and, I would say, dishonorably," | question: what did the congressman say, answer: "They don't get it. They don't understand the degree of dishonorably," | question: what did the congressman say, answer: "For years, this has been handled unceremoniously and insensitively and, I would say, dishonorably,"
question: What did the Democratic-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Democratic-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled House of Representatives fail to pass?, answer: a GOP-proposed amendment, | question: What did the Democratic-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Democratic-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Democratic-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution | question: What did the Republican-controlled Senate reject?, answer: two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to
question: How many Federal Flight Deck Officers were to lose their certification?, answer: "A few hundred" | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of FFDOs?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds | question: What is the number of armed pilots?, answer: hundreds
question: What did the president say?, answer: U.S. officials had enough information in their possession before the failed bombing attack to have prevented the suspect from getting on the plane, but had been unable to "connect the dots." | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab has been tied to what?, answer: Yemen-based group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held where?, answer: Federal Correctional Institution | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held where?, answer: Federal Correctional Institution | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held where?, answer: Federal Correctional Institution | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held where?, answer: Federal Correctional Institution | question: Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab is being held where?, answer: Federal Correctional Institution
question: What did the FAA say?, answer: the airline did not endanger the public and it considered a fine unwarranted. | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "Following Airworthiness Directives [repair orders] is not optional," | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "Following Airworthiness Directives [repair orders] is not optional," | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "The airline did not endanger the public and it considered a fine unwarranted." | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "The airline did not endanger the public and it considered a fine unwarranted." | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "Following Airworthiness Directives [repair orders] is not optional," | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: "The airline did not endanger the public and it considered a fine unwarranted." | question: What did the FAA say?, answer: it was disappointed in the FAA's actions,
question: What does the Federal Aviation Administration change?, answer: a generations-old policy banning pilots from taking antidepressants, | question: What is the amnesty period?, answer: six-month | question: What does the Federal Aviation Administration change?, answer: a generations-old policy banning pilots from taking antidepressants, | question: What is the amnesty period?, answer: six-month | question: What is the amnesty period?, answer: during which pilots who use antidepressants can step forward without fear of penalties. | question: What does the Federal Aviation Administration change?, answer: a generations-old policy banning pilots from taking antidepressants, | question: What does the Federal Aviation Administration change?, answer: a generations-old policy banning pilots from taking antidepressants, | question: What is the amnesty period for?, answer: pilots with mild to moderate depression will be allowed to fly while taking antidepressants if they can demonstrate they have been satisfactorily treated for at least 12 months. | question: What is the policy banning?, answer: pilots from taking antidepressants, | question: What is the amnesty period for?, answer: pilots with mild to moderate depression will be allowed to fly while taking antidepressants if they can demonstrate they have been satisfactorily treated for at least 12 months.
question: What percentage of the public supports allowing openly gay people to serve in the military?, answer: 78 | question: What percentage of the public supports the idea?, answer: 78 | question: What percentage of the public supports the idea?, answer: 78 | question: What percentage of the public opposes the idea?, answer: one in five | question: What percentage of the public supports the idea?, answer: 78 | question: What percentage of the public supports the idea?, answer: 78 | question: Who supports the idea?, answer: 78 percent | question: What percentage of the public supports the idea?, answer: 78
question: Who is the nation's 15th federal judge ever impeached?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. | question: Who is the nation's 15th federal judge ever impeached?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. | question: What did the House vote to impeach?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, | question: Who is the nation's 15th federal judge ever impeached?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, | question: What did the House vote to impeach?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, | question: Who is the nation's 15th federal judge ever impeached?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, | question: Who is the nation's 15th federal judge ever impeached?, answer: Judge G. Thomas Porteous Jr. of U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana, | question: What did the lawyer say?, answer: the Justice Department had decided not to prosecute because it did not have credible evidence.
question: Where will the trial take place?, answer: lower Manhattan. | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location, | question: What did the Justice Department refuse to acknowledge?, answer: they are being pressed to find an alternative location,
question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American, | question: Who has not been identified?, answer: The American,
question: What percent of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What percent of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What percentage of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What percentage of the oil had been scooped up, burned or dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What percentage of the oil was scooped up, burned or natural dispersed?, answer: 75 percent | question: What percentage of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 percent | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, | question: What percent of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What percent of the oil had been scooped up, burned or naturally dispersed?, answer: 75 | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, | question: What did the administration underestimate?, answer: the tens of thousands of barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion | question: How many barrels of oil pour into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion that caused the disaster, answer: tens of thousands | question: How many barrels of oil pouring into the Gulf after the April 20 oil rig explosion | question: How many lives were claimed
question: What is the 20-year ban meant to protect?, answer: the iconic landmark from new uranium mining. | question: What did the Interior Secretary say?, answer: "We have been entrusted to care for and protect our precious environmental and cultural resources, and we have chosen a responsible path that makes sense for this and future generations," | question: What did the Interior say?, answer: the move will give officials more time to monitor the impact of uranium mining on the vital watershed, and in the mineral-rich area in general. | question: What did the Interior say?, answer: "We have been entrusted to care for and protect our precious environmental and cultural resources, and we have chosen a responsible path that makes sense for this and future generations," | question: What did the Interior say?, answer: the move will give officials more time to monitor the impact of uranium mining on the vital watershed, and in the mineral-rich area in general. | question: What did the Interior say?, answer: the move will give officials more time to monitor the impact of uranium mining on the vital watershed, and in the mineral-rich area in general. | question: What did the Interior say about the decision?, answer: "We have been entrusted to care for and protect our precious environmental and cultural resources, and we have chosen a responsible path that makes sense for this and future generations,"
question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option, | question: What does Obama's plan not include?, answer: a government-run public health insurance option,
question: What did the Defense Department object to?, answer: the court-ordered release, | question: Who objected to the court-ordered release?, answer: Obama and the Justice Department | question: Who objected to the court-ordered release?, answer: Obama and the Justice Department | question: Who is Robert Gates?, answer: Defense Secretary | question: Who objected to the court-ordered release?, answer: Obama and the Justice Department | question: Who objected to the release?, answer: Obama and the Justice Department | question: Who is blocking the release of photos?, answer: The Pentagon
question: What did Obama say the deliberations have been?, answer: "comprehensive and extremely useful." | question: What did Obama say?, answer: The military has plans under way to send about 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of President Obama's decision on the future of the eight-year-old war, | question: What did Obama say the deliberations have been?, answer: "comprehensive and extremely useful." | question: What did Obama say?, answer: The military has plans under way to send 34,000 more U.S. troops to Afghanistan in anticipation of President Obama's decision on the future of the eight-year-old war, | question: Who ordered more than 20,000 troops in March?, answer: Gen. Stanley McChrystal,
question: What is the name of the suspect?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: What is the name of the suspect?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: What is the name of the suspect?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: What is the name of the suspect?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is the suspected ringleader of the deadly bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is the ringleader of the deadly attack on the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is the ringleader of the deadly attack on the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who was the ringleader of the attack on the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who was the ringleader of the deadly attack on the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashiri | question: Who is charged with the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole?, answer: Abd al Rahim al-Nashi
question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran?, answer: 60 | question: How many Baha'is are imprisoned in Iran
question: What did the court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did the Supreme Court decide?, answer: whether the Federal Communications Commission may constitutionally enforce its policies on "fleeting expletives" and scenes of nudity on television programs, both live and scripted. | question: What did
question: What did the school district tell principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature." | question: What did the school district tell the principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature." | question: What did the school district tell the principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature." | question: What did the school district tell the principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature." | question: What did the school district tell principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature." | question: What did the school district tell principals?, answer: only musical selections that were "purely secular in nature."
question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, | question: What did the court stop?, answer: the pending capital punishment of a Texas inmate, giving lawyers for the man | question:
question: What did the attorneys say?, answer: DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What is Henry "Hank" Skinner seeking?, answer: DNA testing of evidence in his case. | question: Who is Henry "Hank" Skinner?, answer: a condemned Texas inmate | question: What did the attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did the attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer. | question: What did attorneys say?, answer: that DNA testing of the evidence could establish his innocence and determine the real killer.
question: What does the Supreme Court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California. | question: What does the Supreme Court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California. | question: What does the court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California. | question: What does the court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California. | question: What does the court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California. | question: What does the court block?, answer: plans to disseminate video of an important federal court case involving same-sex marriage in California.
question: Who was killed by her husband?, answer: Nancy Benoit, | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material. | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material. | question: Who was killed by her husband?, answer: Nancy Benoit, | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material. | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material. | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material. | question: What did the case test?, answer: privacy concerns and the competing right to publish "newsworthy" material.
question: What is James Ford Seale convicted of?, answer: kidnapping of two teenagers whose bodies were found in a backwater area of the Mississippi River. | question: When was the crime officially unsolved?, answer: 1964 | question: What is James Ford Seale convicted of?, answer: kidnapping of two teenagers whose bodies were found in a backwater area of the Mississippi River. | question: Who was convicted in the kidnapping of teenagers in 1964?, answer: James Ford Seale, | question: Who was convicted in the kidnapping of teenagers in 1964?, answer: James Ford Seale, | question: Who is serving three life sentences?, answer: James Ford Seale,
question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others. | question: What did the Congressional critics say?, answer: lambasted the agency and called for an independent investigation. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others. | question: What did the Congressional critics say?, answer: lambasted the agency and called for an independent investigation. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet?, answer: a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it is launching a "full review" of an incident in which the agency posted on the Internet a sensitive manual outlining screening procedures for law enforcement officers, diplomats, prisoners, federal air marshals and others.
question: What did the TSA say?, answer: "It's a natural progression," | question: What does the change not involve?, answer: airport screeners, | question: What does the change do?, answer: empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: it's the next step in professionalizing our work force. | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What does the change do?, answer: empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats, | question: What did the TSA say about security clearances?, answer: The change will empower the employees and make sure they have up-to-date and accurate information about intelligence threats,
question: What is one possible explanation for the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: How many troops were never deployed to a war zone?, answer: more than half | question: How many troops were never deployed to war zone?, answer: more than half | question: What is one possible explanation for the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is one possible explanation for the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: How many troops were never deployed to a war zone?, answer: more than half of those troops | question: How many troops were never deployed to a war zone?, answer: more than half of those troops | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides in the Army?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides in the Army?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides in the Army?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment, | question: What is the cause of the increase in suicides in the Army?, answer: economic pressure and rising unemployment,
question: What did Reid say?, answer: the bill would provide vital health insurance for almost all Americans, hold down spiraling costs that threaten the U.S. economy and instill needed reforms to ensure the long-term solvency of the government-run Medicare health program for senior citizens. | question: What did Reid say?, answer: the bill would provide vital health insurance for almost all Americans, hold down spiraling costs that threaten the U.S. economy and instill needed reforms to ensure the long-term solvency of the government-run Medicare health program for senior citizens. | question: What did the Republicans say?, answer: the bill would provide vital health insurance for almost all Americans, hold down spiraling costs that threaten the U.S. economy and instill needed reforms to ensure the long-term solvency of the government-run Medicare health program for senior citizens. | question: What did the Republicans say?, answer: the bill would provide vital health insurance for almost all Americans, hold down spiraling costs that threaten the U.S. economy and instill needed reforms to ensure the long-term solvency of the government-run Medicare health program for senior citizens.
question: Who is Janet Napolitano?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is Janet Napolitano?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is Janet Napolitano?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is Janet Napolitano?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is Janet Napolitano?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is the Homeland Security Secretary?, answer: Janet Napolitano, | question: Who is the Secretary?, answer: Janet Napolitano, | question: Who is the Haitian government working with?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary | question: Who is working with DHS?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, | question: Who is working with DHS?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano, | question: Who is working with DHS?, answer: Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano,
question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals, | question: What is the meat contaminated with?, answer: traces of antibiotics, pesticides or heavy metals,
question: How far from Haiti is Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 200 miles | question: How many tents have been set up?, answer: 100 | question: How many tents have the Army set up?, answer: 100 | question: How many tents have the Army set up?, answer: 100 | question: How many miles from Haiti is Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 200 | question: How many tents have the Army set up?, answer: 100 | question: How many tents does the Army have set up?, answer: 100 | question: How many tents are there?, answer: 100 | question: How many miles from Haiti is Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 200 | question: How many miles from Haiti is Guantanamo Bay?, answer: 200 | question: How many miles from Haiti is the base?, answer: 200 | question: How many tents are there?, answer: 100 | question: How many miles from Haiti is the base?, answer: 200 | question: How many miles from Haiti is the base?, answer: 200 | question: How many miles from Haiti is the base?, answer: 200 | question: How many miles from Haiti is the base?, answer: 200 | question: How far from Haiti is the base from Haiti?, answer: 200 | question: How far from Haiti is the base from Haiti?, answer: 200
question: What expired on December 5?, answer: The 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, commonly known as START, | question: When will talks resume?, answer: mid-January | question: What expired on December 5?, answer: The 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, commonly known as START, | question: When did the treaty expire?, answer: December 5 | question: When did the treaty expire?, answer: December 5 | question: When will talks resume?, answer: mid-January | question: What expired on December 5?, answer: The 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, commonly known as START, | question: What expired on December 5?, answer: The 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, commonly known as START, | question: What expired on December 5?, answer: The 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty, commonly known as START,
question: What did the U.S. commit?, answer: an additional million dollars to fight child trafficking in Haiti | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: called trafficking in people "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: What did the Secretary of State say about trafficking in people?, answer: "one of the most important human rights issues we deal with." | question: Who chaired the Obama administration's first meeting of the President's Interagency Task Force to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in People. | question: Who chaired the Obama administration's first meeting of the President's Interagency Task Force to Monitor
question: What did Robert Gibbs say?, answer: U.S. support for the defense of South Korea is "unequivocal," he didn't mention war. | question: What did Obama say about North Korea?, answer: "We are working hard to avoid an escalation, belligerence and provocation," | question: What did Clinton say?, answer: "We are working hard to avoid an escalation, belligerence and provocation," | question: What did Robert Gibbs not mention war?, answer: U.S. support for the defense of South Korea is "unequivocal," | question: What did Obama say about North Korea?, answer: "We are working hard to avoid an escalation, belligerence and provocation," | question: What did Clinton say?, answer: "We are working hard to avoid an escalation, belligerence and provocation,"
question: Who plans to brief diplomatic corps?, answer: Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns | question: Who is the Deputy Secretary of State?, answer: Deputy Secretary of State Bill Burns
question: When will the records be made available to the public?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available to the public?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available to the public?, answer: December. | question: When will the records be made available to the public?, answer: December.
question: What did the World Bank cancel?, answer: Haiti's $36 million debt, | question: What did the World Bank cancel?, answer: Haiti's $36 million debt, | question: What did the World Bank cancel?, answer: Haiti's $36 million debt, | question: Who owes the money to the International Development Association?, answer: Haiti | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: What did the World Bank cancel?, answer: Haiti's $36 million debt, | question: Who owe the money to?, answer: the International Development Association, | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who owes the money to?, answer: the International Development Association, | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The World Bank | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who owes the money to the International Development Association?, answer: Haiti | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The World Bank | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The World Bank | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The World Bank | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The World Bank | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The | question: Who canceled Haiti's $36 million debt?, answer: The
question: What will be announced Friday?, answer: The deployment of 150 of those machines in front-line use at 11 U.S. airports | question: What does the imagers produce?, answer: a ghostly image of a traveler's body | question: What does the imagers do?, answer: see through clothes, producing a ghostly image of a traveler's body | question: What will be announced Friday?, answer: deployment of 150 of those machines in front-line use at 11 U.S. airports | question: What does the imagers do?, answer: see through clothes, producing a ghostly image of a traveler's body | question: What does the imagers do?, answer: detect concealed explosives | question: What does the imagers do?, answer: see through clothes, producing a ghostly image of a traveler's body | question: What will be announced Friday?, answer: deployment of 150 of those machines in front-line use at 11 U.S. airports
question: How many veterans are there?, answer: 16 million U.S. armed forces who served and the more than 400,000 who died in battle. | question: What is the National World War II Memorial?, answer: honors the 16 million U.S. armed forces who served and the more than 400,000 who died in battle. | question: How many veterans are there?, answer: 16 million | question: How many veterans are there?, answer: 16 million
question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one." | question: What did Reid say about Obama?, answer: could be successful as a black candidate in part because of his "light-skinned" appearance and speaking patterns "with no Negro dialect, unless he wanted to have one."
question: What did the senator say?, answer: "If we are going to win that struggle, we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened, supervised and held accountable -- because in the end, the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions," | question: Who is the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee?, answer: Sen. Carl Levin | question: What is the key to beating the Taliban in Afghanistan?, answer: the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people, | question: What is the key to beating the Taliban?, answer: the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people, | question: What is the key to beating the Taliban?, answer: the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people, | question: What is the key to beating the Taliban?, answer: the ability of U.S. forces to win support from the Afghan people, | question: What does the Sen. Carl Levin say?, answer: "If we are going to win that struggle, we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened, supervised and held accountable -- because in the end, the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions," | question: What did the senator say about private contractors?, answer: "If we are going to win that struggle, we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened, supervised and held accountable -- because in the end, the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions," | question: What did the senator say about contractors?, answer: "If we are going to win that struggle, we need to know that our contractor personnel are adequately screened, supervised and held accountable -- because in the end, the Afghan people will hold us responsible for their actions,"
question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What is the Pentagon trying to do?, answer: buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft. | question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What is the Pentagon trying to do?, answer: buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft. | question: What did Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What did Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What is the Pentagon trying to do?, answer: buy more than 2,400 of the technologically advanced aircraft. | question: What did Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million. | question: What did Pentagon say?, answer: numerous problems over the almost 10-year program have forced the cost of the aircraft to go from $50 million a jet in 2001 to about $113 million.
question: What did Obama say?, answer: the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations, | question: Who crossed the border into Kuwait on Sunday?, answer: U.S. troops | question: What did Obama say?, answer: "There are a lot of things here that are not finished. There are activities in the region that are still sitting on the edge of potential conflict," | question: What did Obama say?, answer: the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations, | question: What did Obama say?, answer: "There are a lot of things here that are not finished. There are activities in the region that are still sitting on the edge of potential conflict," | question: What did Obama say?, answer: the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations, | question: What did Obama say?, answer: the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations, | question: What did Obama say?, answer: the end of the Iraq war means a new chapter in U.S.-Iraq relations,
question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: growing dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: a growing perception among many countries that the United States is unable to resolve international conflicts alone. | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: growing perception among many countries that the United States is unable to resolve international conflicts alone. | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: growing dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: a growing perception among many countries that the United States is unable to resolve international conflicts alone. | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional world order in which the United States is the only superpower, | question: What does the intervention reflect?, answer: dissatisfaction with the traditional
question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: on a small number of jets. | question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: on a small number of jets. | question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: on a small number of jets. | question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: on a small number of jets. | question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: on a small number of jets. | question: Where are the General Electric engines found?, answer: overseas
question: What is the prevailing opinion?, answer: on children's mental health in America: Kids with nothing truly wrong with them are being over-diagnosed and overmedicated by doctors, parents and schools, | question: What is the prevailing opinion?, answer: on children's mental health in America: Kids with nothing truly wrong with them are being over-diagnosed and overmedicated by doctors, parents and schools, who are colluding to make them better behaved, more high-performing and more tractable to our society's unnaturally high demands. | question: What is the prevailing opinion?, answer: Kids with nothing truly wrong with them are being over-diagnosed and overmedicated by doctors, parents and schools, who are colluding to make them more tractable to our society's unnaturally high demands. | question: What is the prevailing opinion?, answer: Kids with nothing truly wrong with them are being over-diagnosed and overmedicated by doctors, parents and schools, who are colluding to make them better behaved, more high-performing and more tractable to our society's unnaturally high demands.
question: Who is Jonathan Silver?, answer: The loan program's executive director, | question: What is the name of the think tank that focuses on energy, national security and domestic policy?, answer: Third Way, | question: What is the name of the think tank?, answer: Third Way, | question: What is the name of the think tank?, answer: Third Way, | question: Who is Jonathan Silver?, answer: executive director, | question: What is the name of the think tank that focuses on energy, national security and domestic policy?, answer: Third Way, | question: Who is Jonathan Silver?, answer: the head of the U.S. Department of Energy's Loan Program Office | question: Who is Jonathan Silver?, answer: head of the U.S. Department of Energy's Loan Program Office | question: Who is Jonathan Silver?, answer: head of the U.S. Department of Energy's Loan Program Office
question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible, | question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible, | question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible, | question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible, | question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible, | question: What did the source say?, answer: Edwards wanted to have as "minimal" impact on his two younger kids as possible,
question: What did the NTSB say about the flight?, answer: The two pilots "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota, destination at 37,000 feet, | question: What did the NTSB say about the flight?, answer: "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota, destination at 37,000 feet, | question: What did the NTSB say about the flight?, answer: "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota, destination at 37,000 feet, | question: What did the NTSB say about the pilots?, answer: "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and by laptop computers they were using in violation of the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota, destination | question: What did the NTSB say about the pilots?, answer: "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of company policy and by laptop computers they were using in violation of the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of the company policy and did not communicate with air traffic control for about 1 hour and 17 minutes while they cruised past their Minneapolis, Minnesota destination | question: What did the NTSB say about the pilots?, answer: "became distracted by a conversation" about the airline's new work schedule system and by laptop computers they were using in violation of the company policy and by laptop computers they were using in violation of the
question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team. | question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team. | question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team. | question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team. | question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team. | question: Where will the blowout preventer go?, answer: U.S. Justice Department and the Joint Investigation Team.
question: Who endorsed the bill?, answer: American Medical Association and AARP | question: Who endorsed the bill?, answer: American Medical Association and AARP | question: Who is Nancy Pelosi?, answer: House Speaker | question: Who endorsed the bill?, answer: American Medical Association and AARP | question: Who is Nancy Pelosi?, answer: House Speaker | question: Who endorsed the bill?, answer: American Medical Association and AARP | question: Who endorsed the bill?, answer: American Medical Association and AARP | question: What is the name of the House Speaker?, answer: Nancy Pelosi,
question: Who should have arrived in Haiti 24 hours earlier?, answer: Lt. Gen. Russel Honore, | question: What did Honore say about the U.S. military?, answer: "The good Samaritans who moved early on the first day are to be applauded. They made a difference," | question: Who should have arrived in Haiti 24 hours earlier?, answer: Lt. Gen. Russel Honore, | question: What did Honore say about the U.S. military?, answer: "Time is of the essence" in helping quake survivors. | question: What did Honore say about the U.S. military should have arrived in Haiti 24 hours earlier?, answer: "The good Samaritans who moved early on the first day are to be applauded. They made a big difference," | question: What did Honore say about the airport?, answer: "You need to put the right commander there who's going to be a battle captain and keep those aircraft flowing. You come in, you drop off what you drop off, you put the sick and wounded on and then move out. No one is standing any time on the airfield. You can be in and out in a half hour." | question: What did Honore say about the U.S. military?, answer: "The good Samaritans who moved early on the first day are to be applauded. They made a difference,"
question: Who is the No. 2 figure in the Afghan Taliban?, answer: Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar | question: Who denied that Baradar had been captured?, answer: Zabiullah Mujahid, | question: Who is the Taliban's top military leader?, answer: Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar | question: Who is the Taliban's top military leader?, answer: Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar | question: Who denied that Baradar had been captured?, answer: Zabiullah Mujahid, | question: Who is the Taliban's top military leader?, answer: Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar | question: Who is the Taliban's top military leader?, answer: Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar
question: What did Will Ferrell tell CNN?, answer: it's "the only legitimate award that recognizes comedy," | question: What did Will Ferrell tell CNN?, answer: it's "the only legitimate award that recognizes comedy," | question: Who worked with Ferrell in the movie "Elf"?, answer: Jack Black, Tim Meadows, Ed Asner, Paul Rudd, Andy Samberg, Conan O'Brien and Molly Shannon | question: What did Will Ferrell tell CNN?, answer: it's "the only legitimate award that recognizes comedy," | question: Who was honored with the Mark Twain Prize?, answer: Will Ferrell. | question: Who worked with Ferrell in the movie "Elf"?, answer: Jack Black, Tim Meadows, Ed Asner, Paul Rudd, Andy Samberg, Conan O'Brien and Molly Shannon
question: Who was the bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: What was the name of the bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi | question: Who was the suicide bomber?, answer: Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi
question: Where was the bomber from?, answer: Jordanian town of Zarqa, | question: Where was the bomber from?, answer: Jordanian town of Zarqa, | question: Where was the bomber from?, answer: Jordanian town of Zarqa, | question: Where was the bomber from?, answer: Jordanian town of Zarqa, | question: Where was the bomber from?, answer: Jordanian town of Zarqa, | question: Where was the bomber met?, answer: off-base by U.S. intelligence officials who failed to search him before they drove him onto Forward Operating Base Chapman,
question: What did Fiorina never develop?, answer: a good answer to the questions about her business career. | question: What did the ad portray?, answer: Campbell as a dangerous predator with glowing red eyes, preying upon Fiorina's flock. | question: What did the ad do?, answer: presents Campbell as a dangerous predator with glowing red eyes, preying upon Fiorina's flock. | question: What did Fiorina never develop?, answer: a good answer to the questions about her business career. | question: What did the ad portray?, answer: a dangerous predator with glowing red eyes, preying upon Fiorina's flock. | question: What is the name of the candidate?, answer: Barbara Boxer,
question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT law prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent, | question: What does the DADT prevent?, answer: our armed forces from being able to recruit and retain troops from the largest possible pool of talent,
question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: Who is thought to be behind the slayings and mutilation of four U.S. contractors?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed | question: What is the name of the alleged mastermind?, answer: Ahmed Hashim Abed
question: Who is Paul Ryan?, answer: face of a new brand of Republican economics | question: What did Ryan say about entitlement cuts?, answer: "I gave fear up for Lent this year," | question: What did he say about entitlement cuts?, answer: "I gave fear up for Lent this year," | question: What did he say about entitlement cuts?, answer: "I gave fear up for Lent this year," | question: What did he say about entitlement cuts?, answer: "The Ryan road map is the way to the cliff and then over the cliff," | question: What did he say about Ryan's road map?, answer: the way to the cliff and then over the cliff," | question: What did he say about Ryan's road map?, answer: the way to the cliff and then over the cliff," | question: What did he say about entitlement cuts?, answer: "I gave fear up for Lent this year,"
question: What did Ray LaHood say?, answer: "The safety of the American public is my top priority, and I am taking on this critical issue to avoid future tragedies we have seen in Allentown and around the country." | question: What did Ray LaHood say?, answer: the Obama administration will push legislation designed to overhaul and upgrade America's aging oil and gas pipeline network. | question: What did Ray LaHood say?, answer: "The safety of the American public is my top priority, and I am taking on this critical issue to avoid future tragedies we have seen in Allentown and around the country." | question: What did Ray LaHood say about people?, answer: "People deserve to know that they can turn on the lights, the heat or the stove without endangering their families and neighbors," | question: What did Ray LaHood say about people?, answer: "The safety of the American public is my top priority, and I am taking on this critical issue to avoid future tragedies we have seen in Allentown and around the country." | question: What did Ray LaHood say about pipeline companies?, answer: conduct a review of their oil and gas delivery systems to identify the lines with the highest risk.
question: What was the audio from?, answer: Samuel L. Jackson thriller "Cleaner" | question: What is the name of the thriller?, answer: "Cleaner" | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: What is the name of the controller?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood | question: Who is the Transportation Secretary?, answer: Ray LaHood
question: What did Gilbert Arenas and Javaris Crittenton do?, answer: drew guns on each other during a heated Christmas Eve gambling debt dispute, | question: What did Gilbert Arenas refuse to do?, answer: pay up on a debt owed to Crittenton, | question: What did Gilbert Arenas and Javaris Crittenton do?, answer: brandished firearms in the team's locker room, | question: What did Gilbert Arenas and Javaris Crittenton do?, answer: brandished firearms in the team's locker room, | question: What did Gilbert Arenas refuse to do?, answer: pay up on a debt owed to Crittenton,
question: What were the men charged with?, answer: murder in the killings of two Afghan men, | question: What were the men charged with?, answer: murder in the killings of two Afghan men, | question: What were the men charged with?, answer: murder in the killings of two Afghan men, | question: Where were the men working for?, answer: security company Paravant, a subsidiary of Xe, the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide. | question: Where were the men working?, answer: Afghanistan working for the security company Paravant, a subsidiary of Xe, the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide. | question: Who were charged with murder?, answer: Christopher Drotleff and Justin Cannon | question: What were the men working for?, answer: security company Paravant, a subsidiary of Xe, the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide. | question: What were the men working for?, answer: security company Paravant, a subsidiary of Xe, | question: Who were charged with murder?, answer: Christopher Drotleff and Justin Cannon | question: What were the men working for?, answer: security company Paravant, a subsidiary of Xe, the military contracting firm formerly known as Blackwater Worldwide. | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were charged with murder?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?, answer: two | question: How many were killed?
question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: What did the Secret Service say?, answer: The couple who crashed Tuesday night's dinner were Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: What did Edwin M. Donovan say?, answer: "It is important to note that these individuals went through magnetometers and other levels of security, as did all guests attending the dinner." | question: What did the Secret Service say?, answer: "did not follow proper procedures" to determine if the two were on the guest list for the dinner, | question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi. | question: Who crashed Tuesday night's dinner?, answer: Tareq and Michaele Salahi.
question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: The Air Force found no wrongdoing and officials say preparing badly damaged bodies can be very difficult. | question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: "serious misconduct" in the handling of remains of the nation's war dead at the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary, | question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: the family should have been notified, | question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: the family should have been notified, | question: What did the Pentagon say?, answer: the family should have been notified, | question: What did the Pentagon official say?, answer: the family should have been notified,
question: Who is Princeton N. Lyman?, answer: U.S. Special Envoy to Sudan | question: What is the purpose of the trip?, answer: to Juba for Saturday's ceremonies marking the independence of South Sudan, | question: What is the purpose of the trip?, answer: to Juba for Saturday's ceremonies marking the independence of South Sudan, | question: What is the purpose of the trip?, answer: to Juba for Saturday's ceremonies marking the independence of South Sudan, | question: Who is Princeton N. Lyman?, answer: U.S. Special Envoy to Sudan | question: Who is leading a U.S. delegation to Juba?, answer: Susan Rice | question: Who is leading a U.S. delegation to Juba?, answer: Rep. Donald M. Payne, D-New Jersey and ranking member of the House Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on Africa, Global Health, and Human Rights; former Secretary of State Colin L. Powell; Assistant Secretary of State Johnnie Carson; U.S. Special Envoy to Sudan Princeton N. Lyman; Deputy National Security Adviser Brooke Anderson; Donald K. Steinberg, deputy administrator of the U.S. Agency for International Development; Gen. Carter F. Ham, Commander of United States Africa Command; R. Barrie Walkley, Ken Hackett, president of Catholic Relief Services.
question: Who met with his national security team?, answer: U.S. President Barack Obama | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: 10 p.m. ET (0300 GMT). | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: Monday night | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: 10 p.m. ET (0300 GMT). | question: What did Obama do?, answer: met Monday night with his national security team on Afghanistan and Pakistan, | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: 10 p.m. ET (0300 GMT). | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: 10 p.m. ET (0300 GMT). | question: When did the meeting end?, answer: 10 p.m. ET (0300 GMT).
question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: The tax on what have been dubbed "Cadillac" health care plans | question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: "Cadillac" health care plans | question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: "Cadillac" health care plans | question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: The tax on high-end health insurance plans | question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: "Cadillac" health care plans | question: What is a key feature of the Senate health care bill?, answer: "Cadillac" health care plans
question: Who is fiercely loyal to Obama?, answer: Valerie Jarrett | question: Who is fiercely loyal to Obama?, answer: Valerie Jarrett | question: What does she advise as president?, answer: Senior Adviser and Assistant to the President for Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Liaison. | question: What did she call her relationship with the president?, answer: "mind meld." | question: What did she call her relationship with the president?, answer: "mind meld." | question: What did she call her relationship with the president?, answer: "We're good friends who have known each other for a long time,"
question: What was Michael known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine," | question: What was he known for?, answer: "The George Michael Sports Machine,"
question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults. | question: What did the Justice Department attribute much of the decline to?, answer: a sharp drop in the number of simple assaults.
question: What did Alexander Graham Bell do?, answer: recorded by inventor Alexander Graham Bell | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine on a computer. | question: What did scientists do?, answer: took detailed photos of the discs made in Bell's laboratory and created a virtual playback machine
question: What does the Obama administration say?, answer: the United States must use "engagement" with friends and foes. The United States must engage also with other "21st century centers of influence," including China, India and Russia," | question: What does the Obama administration say?, answer: "We view this as an important and emerging challenge," | question: What does the Obama administration say?, answer: the United States must use "engagement" with friends and foes. | question: What does the Obama administration say?, answer: the United States must use "engagement" with friends and foes. | question: What does the Obama administration say the U.S. must do?, answer: use "engagement" with friends and foes. | question: What does the Obama administration say?, answer: the United States must use "engagement" with friends and foes.
question: Who pleads guilty to weapons charge?, answer: Javaris Crittenton | question: What did the judge order?, answer: him to perform community service with a children's organization in Washington and through the NBA's Haiti project. | question: What did Judge Bruce Beaudin say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Crittenton do?, answer: pleaded guilty in Superior Court in the District of Columbia to a misdemeanor count of possession of an unregistered firearm. | question: What did Judge Bruce Beaudin say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious consequences," | question: What did Judge say about Crittenton?, answer: "Possessing a firearm unlawfully in the District of Columbia can lead to nothing but trouble and can lead to nothing but trouble and can lead to nothing but trouble and can lead to nothing but trouble and can have serious
question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: "I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate," | question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: he drew guns in the team locker room in a highly publicized December 21 incident, | question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: "I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate," | question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: "I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate," | question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: "I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate," | question: What did Gilbert Arenas say?, answer: "I took the unloaded guns out in a misguided effort to play a joke on a teammate,"
question: What did Gilbert Arenas plead?, answer: guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia in a locker-room incident last month. | question: What does Gilbert Arenas' attorney say?, answer: the government will ask for no more than six months, under the terms of a plea agreement. | question: What did Gilbert Arenas plead?, answer: guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia in a locker-room incident last month. | question: What did Gilbert Arenas do?, answer: pleaded guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia | question: What did Gilbert Arenas do?, answer: pleaded guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia | question: What did Gilbert Arenas do?, answer: pleaded guilty Friday to illegally possessing an unlicensed handgun in the District of Columbia
question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn. | question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn. | question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn. | question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn. | question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn. | question: What did the police say?, answer: video from a local media outlet at the scene Saturday did not show the officer with his weapon drawn.
question: What did James Lenihan describe the feeling of killing a man?, answer: --- I shot a man yesterday And much to my surprise, The strangest thing happened to me I began to cry. | question: What is the name of the poem?, answer: "Murder: Most Foul" | question: What did James Lenihan do?, answer: fought in Europe in World War II and he killed a German soldier during a battle in Holland. | question: What did James Lenihan describe the feeling as?, answer: --- I shot a man yesterday And much to my surprise, The strangest thing happened to me I began to cry. | question: What did Robert Lenihan say about the poem?, answer: is a bit unlike the father he grew up with. A man who could be a "tough customer" if need be. | question: What did Robert Lenihan say about the poem?, answer: is a bit unlike the father he grew up with. A man who could be a "tough customer" if need be.
question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan, | question: What do some Republicans talk of doing?, answer: repealing the whole bill. | question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan, | question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman on these issues?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan, | question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman on these issues?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan, | question: What do Republicans talk of doing?, answer: repealing the whole bill. | question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman on these issues?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan, | question: Who is the leading Republican spokesman?, answer: Rep. Paul Ryan,
question: What did Rick Perry say about government?, answer: "It is a liberal canard to say I am personally pro-life, but government should stay out of that decision. If that is your view, you are not pro-life, you are pro having-your-cake-and-eating-it-too." | question: What did Cain say?, answer: "No abortions. No exceptions." | question: What does Perry say?, answer: "It is a liberal canard to say I am personally pro-life, but government should stay out of that decision. If that is your view, you are not pro-life, you are pro having-your-cake-and-eating-it-too." | question: What did Cain say?, answer: that abortion must be stopped but also that the decision should be left to the individual woman, with no role for government.
question: When did the ballpark fundraisers start?, answer: Monday, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: Monday, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: March 2008, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: Monday, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: Monday, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: Monday, | question: When did the ballpark fundraisers open?, answer: Monday,
question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: bankruptcy | question: What is scarier?, answer: Letting Greece go bankrupt? | question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: bankruptcy | question: What is scarier?, answer: Letting Greece go bankrupt? | question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: likely quit the euro. | question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: Greece will likely quit the euro. | question: What is scarier?, answer: Letting Greece go bankrupt? | question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: Greece will likely quit the euro. | question: What is scarier?, answer: Letting Greece go bankrupt? | question: What will happen if Greece cannot pay its debts?, answer: Greece will likely quit the euro.
question: What percentage of black children live in poverty?, answer: 40% | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: unemployment rate among African-Americans | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What percentage of black children live in poverty?, answer: 40% | question: What is the unemployment rate?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: unemployment rate among African-Americans | question: What percentage of children live in poverty?, answer: 40% | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is the unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: unemployment rate among African-Americans?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.7%, | question: What is 16.7%?, answer: 16.
question: What does Matt Hill pride himself on?, answer: serving homemade, inventive fare. | question: What does Matt Hill pride himself on?, answer: serving homemade, inventive fare. | question: What does Matt Hill say?, answer: "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point," | question: What does Matt Hill pride himself on?, answer: serving homemade, inventive fare. | question: What does Matt Hill say?, answer: "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point," | question: What does Matt Hill say?, answer: "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point," | question: What does Matt Hill say?, answer: "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point," | question: What does Matt Hill say?, answer: "I'd bet we've had every member of Congress and every senator in the restaurant at some point,"
question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: Who is considering a military trial?, answer: White House advisers | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: exceed $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of a military trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of the trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of the trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of the trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of the trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question: What is the cost of the trial?, answer: $200 million per year | question:
question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of a damaged undersea well every day?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of a damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands | question: What is the number of barrels of oil that are still spewing out of the damaged undersea well?, answer: thousands
question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How much could the number increase by?, answer: 10 percent to 15 percent in the next five years. | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question: How many veterans are homeless?, answer: 131,000 | question:
question: What did the president say?, answer: "There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period," | question: What did the president say?, answer: "There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period," | question: What did the president say?, answer: "There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period," | question: What did the president say?, answer: "There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period," | question: What did the president say?, answer: "There seemed to be a compulsion to get this rig completed in that April 19th-April 20th time period,"
question: What does Stefanie Iris Weiss say?, answer: "Greening your love life, you are still a total environmental disaster," | question: What does Stefanie Iris Weiss say?, answer: "If you haven't considered "greening your love life, you are still a total environmental disaster," | question: What does Stefanie Iris Weiss say?, answer: "If you haven't considered "greening your love life, you are still a total environmental disaster," | question: What does Stefanie Iris Weiss say?, answer: "Eco-Sex."
question: What does supporters say?, answer: the mere existence of Loran makes the GPS satellite system a less attractive target for cyber-thugs, terrorists or future military adversaries. | question: What does the supporters say?, answer: the nation's increasing reliance on GPS paradoxically has increased the importance of maintaining Loran as a backup. | question: What does supporters say?, answer: the mere existence of Loran makes the GPS satellite system a less attractive target for cyber-thugs, terrorists or future military adversaries. | question: What does the supporters say?, answer: the nation's increasing reliance on GPS paradoxically has increased the importance of maintaining Loran as a backup. | question: What does the supporter say?, answer: the mere existence of Loran makes the GPS satellite system a less attractive target for cyber-thugs, terrorists or future military adversaries.
question: What did Richards say about Sheen?, answer: was "amazing" when they first met. | question: What did Richards say about Sheen?, answer: was "amazing" when they first met. | question: What did Richards say about Sheen?, answer: was "amazing" when they first met. | question: What did Richards say about Sheen?, answer: was "amazing" when they first met. | question: What did Richards say Sheen was "amazing" when they first met?, answer: "He had been so humbled and sweet, and charming and funny. And had such a great heart, and very honest. And we just had a very deep connection." | question: What did Richards say about Sheen?, answer: was "amazing" when they first met.
question: What did Divers in Maine find?, answer: no sign of her | question: Where is the river?, answer: Kennebec | question: Where is the river?, answer: Maine | question: Who is missing a 21-month old girl?, answer: Ayla Reynolds | question: Where is the river?, answer: Maine | question: Who is missing a 21-month old girl?, answer: Ayla Reynolds | question: Where is the river?, answer: Maine | question: What is the name of the missing girl?, answer: Ayla Reynolds | question: What is the name of the missing girl?, answer: Ayla Reynolds | question: What is the name of the missing girl?, answer: Ayla Reynolds
question: What did the fire chief say?, answer: authorities believe that the fire "overran the sprinkler system," and it sent thick plumes of smoke high into the sky hours after it started. | question: What did the city official say?, answer: "Everybody is out and safe," | question: What did the city official say?, answer: preliminary tests show "no threat to the public" from a massive fire at a Texas chemical plant Monday, | question: What did the city official say?, answer: preliminary tests show "no threat to the public" from a massive fire at a Texas chemical plant Monday, | question: What did the EPA official say?, answer: "We have not seen any significant level that would cause a public health concern," | question: What did the city official say?, answer: preliminary tests show "no threat to the public" from a massive fire at a Texas chemical plant
question: What is the goal of Obama?, answer: withdrawing most U.S. forces by the end of his current term, which ends in January 2013. | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan is part of a strategy to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What does Obama say al Qaeda has not re-emerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11?, answer: they retain their safe-havens along the border. | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: strategy to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What is part of Obama's strategy?, answer: strategy to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What is part of Obama's plan?, answer: deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan | question: What is part of Obama's plan?, answer: strategy to reverse the Taliban's momentum and stabilize the country's government. | question: What does Obama say about al Qaeda?, answer: has not re-emerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11, but they retain their safe-havens along the border. | question: What is part of Obama's plan?, answer: deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan
question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is Robert Beck's position?, answer: near the top. | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters, | question: What is the height of the climb?, answer: 160 meters,
question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk | question: What is being used in research to regrow damaged bones and teeth?, answer: Spider silk
question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three | question: How many Americans have high triglyceride levels?, answer: One in every three
question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: Who has a rare form of leukemia?, answer: Kai Anderson. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: Who has a rare form of lymphoma?, answer: Kai Anderson. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant. | question: What is Kai Anderson's only hope?, answer: a bone marrow transplant.
question: When will Kerik be sentenced?, answer: February 18. | question: When is sentencing scheduled for February 18?, answer: February 18. | question: When is sentencing scheduled for February 18?, answer: February 18. | question: When is sentencing scheduled for February 18?, answer: Kerik's | question: When is sentencing scheduled for February 18?, answer: February 18. | question: When is sentencing scheduled for February 18?, answer: Kerik's | question: When is sentencing set for February 18?, answer: February 18.
question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander, | question: Who is one of the children without a family?, answer: Alexander,
question: What did King say about Wichita?, answer: "Now, Wichita's known as the abortion capital of the world." | question: What did King say about Wichita?, answer: "Now, it's known as the abortion capital of the world." | question: What did King say about Wichita?, answer: was known as the air capital of the world. Manufacturers such as Learjet, Cessna and Beechcraft were the backbone of a tight-knit community where God-fearing folks like King would canoe after school in the Arkansas River and drag the streets "in slick cars with a nice-looking honey" on weekends. | question: What did King say about Wichita?, answer: "Now, it's known as the abortion capital of the world."
question: Who is leading the way?, answer: 71 mushers and dog teams | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington | question: Who is leading the way?, answer: Kristy Berington
question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million, | question: How much did Four Christmases gross?, answer: $18.2 million,
question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What allows the government to keep sex offenders in custody?, answer: civil commitment, | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What allows the government to keep sex offenders in custody even after they have served their sentences?, answer: twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty | question: What is the number of states that have such laws?, answer: Twenty
question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I'm so scared," | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I'm so scared," | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I'm so scared," | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I'm so scared," | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I'm so scared," | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did Christopher Savoie say about children?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did Christopher Savoie say about children?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did he say about children?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did he say about children?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did Christopher Savoie say?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents." | question: What did he say about children?, answer: "I didn't do anything wrong. Children have the right to see both parents. It's very important for my children to know both parents."
question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations,
question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations, | question: What did the court say about the blogger?, answer: was a "major source of information for the outside world" when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations,
question: What is the maximum sentence?, answer: five years in prison. | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are on trial for what?, answer: military dictatorship | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are accused of what?, answer: violating the conditions of her house arrest, | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are accused of what?, answer: violating the conditions of her house arrest, | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are accused of what?, answer: immigration violations and trespassing into a restrictive area, | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are accused of what?, answer: immigration violations and trespassing into a restrictive area, | question: Suu Kyi and John Yettaw are accused of what?, answer: immigration violations and trespassing into a restrictive area,
question: What did Suu Kyi say she didn't know about John William Yettaw?, answer: swam nearly two miles and snuck into her crumbling, colonial-era bungalow on May 3. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell a Myanmar court?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell a Myanmar court?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not tell authorities about the latest intrusion because she didn't want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not tell authorities about the latest intrusion because she didn't want Yettaw or anyone else to get in trouble. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her crumbling, colonial-era bungalow | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her cottage?, answer: John William Yettaw | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her lakeside home. | question: What did Suu Kyi tell supporters?, answer: she did not violate her house arrest when she offered temporary shelter to an American man who swam to her crumbling, colonial-era bungalow
question: What did the cyclone do?, answer: tore off roofs, uprooted trees and downed power lines. | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We believe hundreds of people are dead," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "One of the biggest needs right now is to stave off disease," | question: What did the spokesman say?, answer: "We will be helping with the distribution of clean drinking water and setting up shelters." | question:
question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in the park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in the park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are in Yellowstone National Park?, answer: 1,500 | question: How many wolves are
question: Where is the memorial to commemorate the deadly week of riots?, answer: York, Pennsylvania, | question: Where is the memorial located?, answer: corner of George and Market Streets, in the center of town, | question: Where is the memorial to commemorate the deadly week of riots?, answer: York, Pennsylvania, | question: Where is the memorial located?, answer: corner of George and Market Streets, in the center of town, | question: Where is the memorial to commemorate the deadly week of riots?, answer: York, Pennsylvania, | question: Where is the memorial located?, answer: corner of George and Market Streets, in the center of town, | question: What did the mayor do?, answer: pushed for a memorial at the corner of George and Market Streets, in the center of town, that would remind York residents of a deadly week of race riots 39 years ago.
question: What is "Daughters of Iraq"?, answer: a program that trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers. | question: What is "Daughters of Iraq"?, answer: a program that trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers. | question: What is "Daughters of Iraq"?, answer: a program that trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers. | question: What is "Daughters of Iraq"?, answer: a program that trains Iraqi women to find female suicide bombers. | question: What is "Daughters of Iraq" a spinoff of?, answer: "Sons of Iraq,"
question: What was formerly a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah | question: Who is Col. Michael Kershaw?, answer: commander of the Second Brigade, 10th Mountain Division. | question: What was formerly a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah | question: Who is Col. Michael Kershaw?, answer: commander of the Second Brigade, 10th Mountain Division. | question: What was formerly a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah | question: What was a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah | question: What was a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah | question: What was a hot spot for insurgent activity?, answer: Yusufiyah
question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million | question: What is the number of skiers in China growing?, answer: 5 million
question: What did the governor say?, answer: he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack. | question: What did the governor say?, answer: he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack. | question: What did the governor say?, answer: he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack. | question: What did the governor say?, answer: he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack. | question: What did the governor say?, answer: he believes Jewish settlers were responsible for the attack. | question: What did the governor say?, answer: "The mosque was completely burned,"
question: How many people were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 | question: How many were injured?, answer: dozens of others | question: How many were killed in Mississippi?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were injured in the tornado?, answer: dozens of others | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer: 10 people, | question: How many were killed in the Mississippi tornado?, answer
question: What are greener options?, answer: not all | question: What are greener options less expensive?, answer: not all | question: What is more expensive?, answer: green products | question: What are greener options?, answer: not all | question: What are greener options less expensive?, answer: not all | question: What are greener options less expensive?, answer: not all | question: What are greener options less expensive?, answer: not all | question: What are greener options less expensive?, answer: not cost extra.
question: What did the tabloids say about Ronaldo?, answer: he was going to be pipped by Leo Messi on Tuesday night. | question: What did Ronaldo receive in Zurich?, answer: the FIFA World Player of the Year award | question: What did Ronaldo receive?, answer: the FIFA World Player of the Year award | question: What did Ronaldo receive?, answer: the FIFA World Player of the Year award | question: What did Ronaldo receive?, answer: the FIFA World Player of the Year award | question: Who was pipped by Leo Messi?, answer: Cristiano Ronaldo | question: What did he win?, answer: FIFA World Player of the Year award
question: What did Doranne Lim chronicle?, answer: the flooding from Typhoon Ketsana in Pasig City, Philippines. | question: What did iReporter Doranne Lim chronicle?, answer: the flooding from Typhoon Ketsana in Pasig City, Philippines. | question: What did iReporter Doranne Lim chronicle?, answer: the flooding from Typhoon Ketsana in Pasig City, Philippines. | question: What did iReporter Doranne Lim chronicle?, answer: the flooding from Typhoon Ketsana in Pasig City, Philippines. | question: What did iReporter Doranne Lim chronicle?, answer: flooding from Typhoon Ketsana
question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's | question: What is the name of Nancy Grace's twins?, answer: Nancy Grace's